 when the dollar advances, the central bank lets the yuan weaken against it while keeping it largely stable against the basket. The real test will come for China's yuan and its exchange-rate policy when the market starts to price in more aggressive Fed rate increases and the dollar resumes its upward march. which suffered partly because of falling commodity prices and a stronger dollar. A further decline in the dollar could help extend a rebound in stocks. Dollar gains helped push down commodity prices. Energy stocks led the broader market higher in light holiday trading last week as oil prices recovered slightly. Falling oil prices have hurt energy-company results and the strong dollar has reduced multinationals' profits. But the sharp depreciations in emerging-market currencies and declines in commodity prices in recent weeks have triggered an exodus from emerging markets and fueled fears among investors over these companies' ability to repay their dollar debt. Energy and materials stocks have slumped amid a downturn in commodity prices, while rising bond yields have dented high-dividend payers like utilities. Many of the forces that hobbled companies in early 2015 -- from slumping oil prices and the soaring dollar to the severe winter and the West Coast port dispute -- have ebbed or reversed in recent months. Assuming oil prices don't make another move down, S&P 500 earnings could grow by 5% this year. The fallout from the 2014 run-up in the sector is visible in the shares of airlines, which rose sharply in the second half of last year as oil prices fell. The dollar's surge during the first three months of the year was fueled by aggressive economic-stimulus efforts from the European Central Bank, which drove down eurozone bond yields. A decline in the dollar could lessen those headwinds, as well as contain downward pressure on oil prices and provide relief for the battered energy sector. when the dollar advances, the central bank lets the yuan weaken against it while keeping it largely stable against the basket. The real test will come for China's yuan and its exchange-rate policy when the market starts to price in more aggressive Fed rate increases and the dollar resumes its upward march. which suffered partly because of falling commodity prices and a stronger dollar. A further decline in the dollar could help extend a rebound in stocks. Dollar gains helped push down commodity prices. Energy stocks led the broader market higher in light holiday trading last week as oil prices recovered slightly. Falling oil prices have hurt energy-company results and the strong dollar has reduced multinationals' profits. But the sharp depreciations in emerging-market currencies and declines in commodity prices in recent weeks have triggered an exodus from emerging markets and fueled fears among investors over these companies' ability to repay their dollar debt. Energy and materials stocks have slumped amid a downturn in commodity prices, while rising bond yields have dented high-dividend payers like utilities. Many of the forces that hobbled companies in early 2015 -- from slumping oil prices and the soaring dollar to the severe winter and the West Coast port dispute -- have ebbed or reversed in recent months. Assuming oil prices don't make another move down, S&P 500 earnings could grow by 5% this year. The fallout from the 2014 run-up in the sector is visible in the shares of airlines, which rose sharply in the second half of last year as oil prices fell. The dollar's surge during the first three months of the year was fueled by aggressive economic-stimulus efforts from the European Central Bank, which drove down eurozone bond yields. A decline in the dollar could lessen those headwinds, as well as contain downward pressure on oil prices and provide relief for the battered energy sector. citing the dollar's strength as a key factor, are predicting that profits at S&P 500 firms for the first quarter will show their biggest annual decline since the third quarter of 2009. due in part to a stronger dollar, hit by lower oil prices. Money managers are homing in on consumer-focused stocks following a sharp decline in oil prices that stands to improve U. The decline in bond yields has been a key reason strategists say they underestimated the potential for stocks to move higher. Shares are climbing across Asia, and prices for industrial commodities such as copper and iron ore have bounced back amid signs that China's economy is revving up. Investors are suffering mounting losses as a decadelong rise in commodity prices unravels amid slowing emerging-markets economies, rising supplies of oil and metals and the eventual end of central-bank stimulus policies that propped up prices for raw materials. Outsize gains in stocks compared with commodities have raised some questions about the state of the recovery. Japanese stocks rose sharply early Monday as the yen weakened against the dollar. A continued swift rise in bond yields could mean a continued retreat from dividend-paying stocks as investors decide they are getting a better deal in safe government debt. Romney by betting on a decline in gold prices and a rise in the dollar. There are signs of softness in demand for commodities in Asia, and rising oil prices could cut into U. the fund is positioned for higher gold prices, stronger Asian emerging-market currencies and lower yields across high-quality government bond markets. and they fear high oil prices and inflation from other commodities may quash the nascent recovery and weigh on the market. with oil and stocks ticking higher and higher because many investors saw them as proxies for an economic recovery. when the auto maker reported that rising costs of commodities such as steel and oil helped drag down its fourth-quarter profit. meaning the dollar was almost always falling when stocks were rising. with gold mostly falling as stocks rise. is what helped stocks rally last week despite spreading political turmoil in the Middle East, sustained higher oil prices. The recent rally for gold and misery for the dollar also suggest inflation expectations are rising. "We are here to state categorically that rising oil prices have nothing whatsoever to do with rising equities. a rising yuan could boost other Asian currencies, lift commodity prices and hurt U. The fears sparked a rebound for the dollar and a decline for oil and metals prices. gold fell 4% and the dollar rose 3% -- following the pattern investors had come to rely on. Prices for the precious metal in other currencies are rising to all-time highs -- a factor both of a rising gold price and a higher dollar. gasoline and other commodity prices started falling in July, stock investors celebrated in hopes that the lower prices would boost consumer spending and speed recovery. a drop in oil prices and a rebound by the dollar, are fueling a surge in stocks. It also holds large amounts of gold and other hedges against stock declines. sending the dollar sharply lower and oil prices flying higher. Giving Stocks a Lift --- Verizon, Vodafone Jump on Deal News As Oil Shares Rise. Stocks rose as oil futures retreated from a record around $135 a barrel. Stocks rose as relatively benign inflation data and a decline in oil prices helped price-sensitive retailers such as Macy's and hurt energy companies such as Range Resources. Stocks plunged Wednesday and the Dow Jones Industrial Average recorded its biggest two-session drop since the end of February after the Federal Reserve warned that inflation concern would likely preclude another interest-rate cut and oil closed above $133 a barrel. some of that pessimism was pared by a continued rise in energy stocks, driven higher by another high in oil prices. Airline stocks closed mostly lower, weighed down by the gain in oil. The dollar's strength weighed down oil. With oil on the decline, investors bought many of the stocks that had been in free fall when oil was climbing to record levels. a long downturn in the dollar and the upward march of overseas shares toward values similar to those in the U. Despite the price of oil declining, several airline stocks fell Friday on the impact of flight cancellations for spot safety checks. while rising oil prices deflated airline stocks. energy and materials stocks continued to surge, silver and copper all trading higher as the dollar weakened. One of the only areas with upward momentum in financial markets this year was materials and materials stocks, but gold fell $59 an ounce, oil retreated 4. the stock market has reacted positively to higher commodity prices on the theory that it will boost profits of energy and materials companies. Stocks bounced higher as International Business Machines revived hopes that overseas markets would soften the blow of a domestic slowdown for big tech stocks and other multinationals. He hopes to take advantage of rising oil prices and protect clients from a weakening dollar, since the price of oil and other commodities tend to rise when the dollar declines. With a rebound in the stock market, investors' fears about a recession cooled and the bond market slumped. the market waffled because of weakness in transportation stocks and a downturn in the bond market. Last week's stock slide began Tuesday when the dollar fell close to a three-year low against the yen on news of a record trade deficit in July and the Bank of Japan's refusal to ease monetary policy. Financial issues and most interest-rate sensitive stocks were stimulated upward by a strong rally in the bond market. adds that the recent decline in oil prices, as well as the accompanying bond market advance and relatively stable dollar. Bond prices advanced despite the mixed economic signals provided by the reports, and stocks eventually followed suit by rebounding from mid-session lows and turning higher in the final hour. The gains in stocks were achieved despite a moderate drop in the bond market. stocks fell victim to renewed weakness in the dollar and a corresponding slump in bonds. The stock market took off at midsession on a sudden surge in the dollar and posted its sharpest advance in more than three months. The advance was bolstered by gains in the bond market, which took the report as a sign that the Federal Reserve may not have to tighten credit to boost the dollar. Higher oil prices, and strong earnings reports in selected stocks also contributed to the market's rise. He said the stock market's early summer rally stalled largely because a rising dollar failed to attract the foreign investment that people had hoped for. Some traders attributed the afternoon stock rally to a rise in the dollar. "Stocks Plunge Despite Dollar's Gains ---  Industrials Drop 72. He said that lower stock prices, declining commodity prices in the past two days and the rally in the bond market are clear signals "that say the risk of recession is out there. Traders said a rebound of more than 3/8-point in the 30-year Treasury bond and moderate gains in tobacco stocks helped to stabilize the stock market yesterday. An unexpectedly sharp rise in the CPI could easily push bond yields higher, and knock stocks lower. An upturn in bond prices contributed to the stock market's climb. Bond prices yesterday recovered some of their Monday declines, and the dollar ended slightly higher. The generally unexpected and steep decline in oil prices gave stocks an additional boost after share prices had sagged in January. The firming bond prices started stocks climbing. Stocks rose as the dollar remained stable. Oil company stocks -- many of which have large natural gas reserves -- also rose. stocks rising again after a pause in August and early September, when the dollar was weakening. reflecting an advance in stocks beyond the upper limit of their recent trading range and a downturn in bond prices. Bond prices were sharply lower at the opening and sell programs tied to stock-index futures arbitrage pulled stock prices down. NEW YORK -- Although the stock market rebounded from an early sell-off tied to a slump in the dollar. said a reversal of the dollar's recent downturn is necessary for stocks to move higher before next Tuesday's presidential election. Part of the stock market's slide was attributed to the downturn in the bond market. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as some late bargain-hunting blunted the impact of an early sell-off, sparked by a surge in oil prices and further evidence of weakness in the economy. but higher interest rates and a jump in oil prices curbed some investors' enthusiasm for stocks. Traders said stock prices initially slumped yesterday morning as oil prices soared after last weekend's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to renew its efforts to seek cooperation from nonmember producers. Oil stocks generally moved higher in response to the advance in oil prices. The change of direction in the stock market coincided with a reversal in the bond market and some weakness in the U. Bond prices tumbled amid growing pessimism about lower rates and a stalling of the dollar's recent rally. are disappearing -- higher bond prices and the dramatic drop in crude oil prices. He said the bond market rally since September was fueled first by expectations of major deficit reductions, and then by an unexpected dramatic plunge in the price of crude oil. The bond market will "latch on to a new concept" to continue its rally, and it will take the stock market along for a higher ride. The weakness in bonds and sharp declines in many oil stocks put a damper on the market. NEW YORK -- Stocks soared to a record as investors shrugged off a poor economic reading and instead focused on continued strength in the bond market. Another factor cited was the strength of the bond market, despite a further rise in commodity prices. the real bedrock of the stock market rally was the dollar's surprising strength in the first half. The report caused oil prices to jump, deflated an early rally in the bond market and caused the industrial average to skid about 14 points at the opening bell. The stock market started Friday's session with a powerful rally, following a surge in bond prices. 'Blue-Chip Stocks Close Down On Session-Long Bond Weakness. But many market analysts view the period from the late 1960s through the 1970s as an extended period of stock weakness, soaring oil prices and U. Stocks shot higher at the opening bell, largely on the strength of a soaring bond market and buying from short-term traders looking for quick profits. NEW YORK -- Lower oil prices and interest rates helped push stock prices higher. but other precious-metals stocks continued to decline in response to lower gold prices. Oil stocks posted gains despite a slight drop in the price of oil. But disappointment that the Federal Reserve didn't push rates lower in response to the data caught up with stocks, abrupt slide in bond prices at midday sparked selling in the stock-index futures market. Peroni believes such gains in these gold stocks could portend somewhat higher inflation ahead. With Treasury bond interest rates falling yesterday, the high yields of these stocks looked all the more attractive to investors. The stock market goes into a tailspin for a fundamental reason such as a plunge in the dollar, oil prices skyrocket. " but he maintains that "any stock market rally would have to be accompanied or followed shortly by a bond market rally. The recovery in oil prices triggered a sell-off in the jittery stock market. Some strength in the bond market and gains in issues such as airline and technology stocks. That stock prices could rise in the face of rising oil prices betrays an underlying desire to move stock prices higher still. Burnett noted that the dollar also weakened today, which added to the weakness in stocks and bonds. " He said he expects yields in the bond market to come back down over the next few weeks and for the stock market to stage a concurrent advance. Firmer Bond Prices And Gains for Dollar Are Factors. Stocks were mixed, as a drop in oil prices helped offset a soft sales report from Wal-Mart Stores. "We\'ve got oil moving lower still, other commodities selling off and bonds rising. Stocks started out well as the price of oil fell and ended up building on those gains in a bit of a delayed reaction to the midafternoon release of minutes from the Federal Reserve\'s most recent meeting. the dollar turned down earlier this year as gold continued rising -- until gold turned down. "Dollar's Slide Could Roil Stocks --- Importer Shares Might Take Hit, Slower Foreign Demand May Put Dent in Bond Prices Too. A falling dollar could mean bad news for the bond market because it can lead to inflation and higher interest rates. `Is the selling in the 10-year bond going to follow through and take yields higher?\' " Crude oil prices also rose. slowing profit growth and high oil prices, investors are still bullish about the stock market and willing to accept greater potential volatility -- rather than sticking with the tried-and-true dividend-paying shares -- in the belief they will receive higher returns. Stocks rose, beating back the headwinds of higher bond yields and disappointing reports from General Electric and Advanced Micro Devices. "The S&P 500 closing above 1300 on Wednesday and the strong rally in the bond market as a result of the favorable consumer-price index helped propel most of the market higher. Wall Street was given the gift of lower oil prices, but an early stocks rally faded as the session progressed. FedEx posted a 33% jump in second-quarter profit and boosted its 2006 outlook, lifting shares to a new high. Stocks ended with mixed results, as higher oil prices took some of the wind out of the market's sails. Gold prices usually rise with inflation, something stock investors don't like. He thinks oil prices will head back up and interest rates will keep rising, hurting economic growth and knocking blue-chip stocks down 15% from here. Some fund managers say a stronger dollar could increase stock prices by helping squelch inflationary pressures. interest-rate increases have pushed utilities stocks down because such reliable dividend payers long have been used as a bond substitute by income-seeking investors. The higher stock prices also have pushed down their dividend yields -- the amount of income they produce per dollar invested. Utility stocks last soared in 2000, as investors fell in love with companies that traded energy like other commodities. Oil Prices and Fed Rate Increases Mar Once-Bright Hopes of a Stock Surge. NEW YORK -- As shares slumped on oil's price jump. Stocks fell as the price of oil rose to a record. On top of high oil prices, a report showing a drop in durable-goods orders weighed on economically sensitive stocks such as Dow-industrial component Caterpillar. A rise in oil prices and a late-session selloff in shares of Merck trimmed early-session index gains. Optimistic investors believe that corporate profits will be so strong that they will permit stocks to rise despite worries about interest rates, oil and seasonal weakness. Home Depot Pace Blue Chips' Gains --- Stocks Soar as Oil Declines. Stocks fell but finished well off their lows, although the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and a record close in oil prices took down shares such as Wal-Mart Stores and American Airlines' parent AMR. Humana Record Gains --- Stocks End Session Mixed As Oil Hits Record High. With stocks up almost without a break since late April and looking vulnerable to a pullback, China's announcement that it was letting its currency float slightly upward against the dollar sent a shock through U. Stocks were down early on, but rose as the price of oil fell and closed below $57 a barrel for the first time this month. Stocks fell as the price of oil hit a record high. Protein Design Labs Gain --- Stocks End Mixed, Aided By Decline In Oil Prices. A rise in the price of oil didn't hold stocks back. Stocks had a robust session as the price of oil fell and consumer confidence rose. Stocks ended slightly lower as the market held its own against a fresh high in oil and disappointing outlooks from Nike. together with rising oil prices and fears of terrorism, that held stocks down for most of the year. Stocks ended mixed as investors largely withstood a big rise in the price of oil and turned their attention to positive earnings reports from companies like Genentech. stocks actually finished higher on Thursday, and gold finished lower. Stocks fell as the price of oil hit a fresh high in a session that featured acquisition-related activity involving PacifiCare Health Systems. stocks did rise sharply in 1995 despite a series of Fed rate increases that caused serious trouble in the bond market. a time of high oil prices and world tensions that followed years of stock strength. stocks ended the session lower as the specter of higher oil prices combined with caution ahead of Cisco Systems' earnings and more concerns over American International Group sent investors scurrying to the sidelines. Boeing Help Stocks Climb --- Major Indexes Post Gains On a Drop in Price of Oil. Stocks rose as the price of oil fell almost 5%. Stocks reversed their downward course when the price of oil pulled back after hitting a record high intraday. Stocks --- With High Price-Earnings Ratio And Expected Rise in Bond Yields. Stocks were stronger during the session, but fell back in the last hour of trading as investors moved their focus away from oil. Strength from Boeing and Wal-Mart Stores and relief in the oil market helped stocks recover from early declines. Stocks finished lower as a new four-month high for crude oil quashed a rally on encouraging comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan. Walt Disney and American International Group were among the session's attention-getters on a day that stocks fell as oil rose. Most economists who predict higher stock returns assume higher GDP growth as well. The market rose despite a jump in the price of oil and a weaker dollar. The market didn't give up very much of its gains from last week in part because investors were encouraged by a drop in the price of crude oil and a strengthened dollar. Stocks didn't get going until October, around the time oil prices peaked and fell sharply. The ability of other stocks to join in the advance, depends on the idea that gains in oil prices would continue to be moderate. "We think the markets are underestimating the impact the oil {price} rise and the general firming in commodity prices will have on the U. stocks worked their way to higher levels by midday as the dollar rallied despite a one-point increase in Japan's official discount rate to 5. Bond prices took their cue from the dollar and moved higher after dropping in response to news that the February consumer price index rose 0. Stocks fell for the second straight session, tracking a tumbling bond market. Airline stocks surged as crude oil prices retreated from a rally Monday. Although the dollar's rapid slide in the past few weeks has been cited as the main reason for the jump in interest rates and corresponding slide in stock prices. Stocks didn't get going until October, around the time oil prices peaked and fell sharply. The ability of other stocks to join in the advance, depends on the idea that gains in oil prices would continue to be moderate. is what helped stocks rally last week despite spreading political turmoil in the Middle East, sustained higher oil prices. Many analysts feel the bond market's strong rally since late November 1994 has played a crucial role in the stock market's impressive four-month rally. But sustained weakness in the dollar helped set the table for a decline in equities. The engine driving stocks' thrust was a powerful bond market rally that pushed down long-term interest rates to 8. worried about rising oil prices, sold a host of stocks that could see their margins contract if costs increase. Most gold stocks recovered from their declines in Monday's sell-off. but the market's late rebound swept oil stocks higher even though oil prices extended a decline in which the price of crude has reached 18-month lows. Yesterday's stock gains came on a stronger dollar and news that the Federal Reserve's Manuel Johnson said he doesn't expect interest rates to return to levels that prevailed in 1982. The bond market didn't stage any explosive rally -- prices ended only slightly higher -- and oil prices. Consumer stocks were generally hit hard in the sell-off as the sharp increase in oil prices heightened concerns about the economic outlook. Lower oil prices also sparked a sell-off among oil-field services stocks. Rebounds in technology and drug stocks helped drive the market higher despite falling bond prices. A big drop in the December bond futures contract, didn't provide any positive support for the stock market early on. Yesterday's advance in the stock market was accompanied for the first time this week with a rally in the bond market. Stock prices ended narrowly mixed yesterday after a session dominated by glumness about the insider-trading scandal and nervousness about rising oil prices and the approach of Friday\'s "triple witching hour" expirations. NEW YORK -- A surge in technology stocks lent strength to the overall market, but weakness in the oil sector helped contain the advance in blue-chip market measures. Selected oil stocks also rallied amid the market's retreat as the Persian Gulf situation pushed oil prices higher. Stocks headed lower from the opening bell, and the sell-off gained momentum as the price of oil rallied above $30 a barrel -- a level reached two weeks ago for the first time since the early 1980s -- and then broke through the $31-a-barrel mark. major oil stocks closed mixed despite the latest surge in oil prices. comments from Fed officials about how strong the economy appeared to be combined with rising commodities prices and gains in oil and precious-metal stocks to conjure up fears that rising inflation is about to burst onto the scene. Stock Market's Surge Is Puzzling Investors, Buyers Large and Small Keep Pouring In Money --- A Bear Cites Plunging Dollar. combined with a soaring dollar and more profit-taking by investors, contributed to an early decline in stock prices. A stronger dollar, a sharp rise in Treasury prices and continuing optimism for a rate cut all helped support the improvement in equities. Shares of precious metals producers fell as gold prices fell sharply for a second straight day. dollar and weakness in the Tokyo and London stock markets set up the U. Many were surprised that the stock market didn\'t head into a tailspin given the weakness in the dollar and a second consecutive day of rising interest rates in the bond market. "The stock market can go higher as long as bond rates continue to move lower. the dollar turned down earlier this year as gold continued rising -- until gold turned down. such as a rise in interest rates or a further decline in the dollar, could set off a sharp downward move in the stock market. Higher energy prices in the futures market as well as the Arco recommendation gave most other oil stocks a lift. Gold prices usually rise with inflation, something stock investors don't like. The advance swept stock prices higher across the board -- with the notable exception of gold and oil-related shares. contended that a big reason for "the strength in the bond market that spilled over into the stock market is the fact that investors are focusing more on the improvement in inflation and the idea that it\'s less of a problem. A robust rally in the bond market, which usually would lift stocks. Bond market watchers feared that the Federal Reserve would be reluctant to lower interest rates anytime soon if the dollar was weakening. Despite yesterday's rise in oil prices, major oil stocks continued to weaken. Oil stocks fell on lower crude prices. Although the weakness of the bond market appears to be related to signs of a pickup in the pace of economic activity, the lofty levels of the major stock indexes have left investors jittery enough to withdraw from the market at the first sight of higher rates. Transportation stocks helped fuel the rally early in the day, but weakened as crude oil prices strengthened later in the session. said that some weakening of the dollar and a near three-year high in the Commodity Research Bureau price index. stocks settled into a tight trading range until a late rally in bond prices helped push stocks higher. Stock prices rose in active trading, spurred by continued declines in the dollar and expectations of lower oil prices. Thrusting Japanese investors toward American stocks are an unexpectedly strong dollar and a need to diversify the riches generated by Japan's high savings rate and large trade surplus. Oil stocks moved higher after crude prices climbed past $32 a barrel when data showed a mostly unexpected decline in inventories. "Dollar's Slide Could Roil Stocks --- Importer Shares Might Take Hit, Slower Foreign Demand May Put Dent in Bond Prices Too. A falling dollar could mean bad news for the bond market because it can lead to inflation and higher interest rates. Bond prices also plunged with increasing speed as the afternoon wore on, despite a flat to slightly firmer dollar against most currencies and repeated Federal Reserve injections of funds into the banking system. It also holds large amounts of gold and other hedges against stock declines. Precious-metal stocks fell even as the price of gold climbed to a five-year high. A rise in oil prices and a late-session selloff in shares of Merck trimmed early-session index gains. 'Stocks Regain Some Lost Ground On Firmer Dollar, Bond Rebound. Traders cited a higher dollar and some gains in the bond market as the reasons for yesterday's advance in stocks. The gains in crude prices gave oil stocks a boost. The punishment that so many fastgrowing stocks are enduring is being dealt out in large part by a slumping bond market. sparking a powerful rally in the bond market and driving stock prices sharply higher. Stock prices shot higher as a solid but restrained gross-domestic-product report sparked a powerful rally in the bond market. Also sharply higher were some airline stocks, which often rally when oil prices decline. Oil stocks fell as investors began to lose confidence in the ability of oil-producing nations to push through substantial price increases. Oil stocks did move higher on surprising crude oil and heating oil price gains in the futures market that were tied to new indications of OPEC production restraint. The bond market's rally helped boost banking stocks. That has since been reflected in a lethargic bond market and a retreat in utility stocks prior to yesterday\'s sharp across-the-board plunge in stock prices. Should they sell shares to raise cash? Shouldn't they sell their bank stocks? Was it wise to sell the rising oil stocks and switch into tumbling airline shares?. Chevron lost 1 1/2 to 85 3/4 while other major oil stocks were mixed amid a drop in oil prices. The shares fell 5/16 to 12 13/16, partly because of a sharp rise in the dollar against the British pound and partly on selling by investors in London who are skeptical over a bid for the company by a group led by Sir James Goldsmith. Stock prices moved higher yesterday, taking their cue from a firmer dollar and an advance in the bond market. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell to their lowest levels in more than a week, as investors backed away from a market shaken by climbing oil prices. Energy stocks led the broader market higher in light holiday trading last week as oil prices recovered slightly. a rising yuan could boost other Asian currencies, lift commodity prices and hurt U. A decline in the bond market and a slightly weaker dollar throttled any follow-up on Tuesday's big rally. "Oops! Stock Prices Plunge A Record 39 Points In Sharp Turnabout --- Hectic Late Trading Erases New High Set on Tuesday, Effect of 'Sell Programs' --- Bond Market Triggers Drop. The slide in stock prices apparently was set off by a drop in the bond market yesterday morning. the stock market has reacted positively to higher commodity prices on the theory that it will boost profits of energy and materials companies. Why are stocks climbing even though the bond market is slumping? She said she suspects that stock investors were waiting for some early sign of what second-quarter earnings would look like before they placed any firm bets on the market. Oil stocks ticked higher as crude-oil prices rose during the escalating tensions in the Middle East. More puzzling was that while stock investors blithely bid prices higher, bond investors were hunkered down. Many analysts fret that unless the dollar can rally, the current stock market gains could rapidly unravel. The stock market fell back, despite a higher bond market. An early sell-off in the dollar and bonds help put stocks on a downward path from the beginning of the session. Japanese stocks rose sharply early Monday as the yen weakened against the dollar. and a resulting explosive rally in bond prices, couldn't console stock investors. Stocks began the session by moving higher along with bonds, but were unable to hold the gains after renewed weakness developed in the bond market. Energy stocks pulled back on weakness in the underlying commodity market amid concerns that OPEC planned to increase production in a way that would offset any capacity lost to whatever military action may take place in the Middle East. an increasing number of large investors moved to take money out of the bond market and move it back into stocks. Airlines and utility stocks finished sharply lower in the session, after crude prices worked higher on concerns that continuing violence in the Middle East could disrupt the flow of oil. Oil field-services stocks rose amid a rally in crude-oil prices. But others question how much higher the stock market can go while bond yields keep climbing. NEW YORK -- Further reductions in oil prices fortified continuing hopes for an economic recovery, allowing  stocks to post gains in another sprightly trading session. Oil stocks were about the only group that didn't participate in the rally. Several energy stocks also weakened in anticipation that inventory data on natural-gas reserves, would suggest that commodity prices may head lower. Several paper and forest-products stocks rose sharply, as prices for wood-product commodities rose. but you also need a lower dollar, and stable stock prices. The weakness in the stocks came after prospects for a peace settlement in the Middle East eased some worries about threats to oil supplies that had led to price increases for crude oil in preceding days. worried about rising oil prices, sold a host of stocks that could see their margins contract if costs increase. Oil stocks had a mixed day after analysts indicated higher fuel prices are starting to kick in. Even though commodity prices in the energy sector didn't show much improvement after Wednesday's pullback, oil producers staged a recovery. Energy stocks weakened, inasmuch as Wednesday's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to increase production might have suggested commodity prices should dim on supply-demand considerations. stocks rising and bond yields falling going into the Fed meeting. Merger talk in the entertainment sector provided another source of strength for blue-chip names, as did sharp gains in commodity prices in the energy sector. Oil stocks mostly moved lower in the wake of sharp declines in crude-oil prices. is sinking under the weight of rising interest rates and higher prices for commodities like oil. Gold stocks pulled back after rising last week in sympathy with a rise in the underlying precious metal. A falling stock market could also weaken the dollar. "The Fed wouldn\'t be keen to see a weakening dollar while oil prices are rising. several other gold-company stocks posted gains on the rise in gold prices. Airline stocks posted gains in the session, helped by a combination of the decline in oil prices and the move by several U. The big gains among blue chips came from energy stocks, which rose after Saudi oil officials said they didn't expect U. Paper stocks notched modest gains, ahead of the release of a critical capacity survey expected to support higher commodity prices. "We think the markets are underestimating the impact the oil {price} rise and the general firming in commodity prices will have on the U. Oil stocks weakened on a mixed profit showing. Oil stocks weakened after crude prices rose. Last week's stock slide began Tuesday when the dollar fell close to a three-year low against the yen on news of a record trade deficit in July and the Bank of Japan's refusal to ease monetary policy. rising oil prices and the weakening dollar are unnerving them. The dollar also strengthened after its recent decline, though whether it inspired gains in stocks yesterday. NEW YORK -- Further weakness in the dollar heightened inflation worries, sending prices of growth stocks sharply lower. Bond prices eventually ended higher, the stock market already had set on a course toward lower prices. Shares of Phelps Dodge rose 3 5/16 to 61 11/16, and Freeport-McMoran Copper & Gold rose 1 5/16 to 16 3/8 . the inflation fears are pushing bond yields higher, but there is enough optimism about profits to allow stocks to protect their recent gains. The punishment that so many fastgrowing stocks are enduring is being dealt out in large part by a slumping bond market. \'I want to shift 3% or 4% of my money to take advantage of higher prices for stock and higher bond yields. NEW YORK -- Rising commodities prices sparked gains in energy stocks. Bank Stocks Advance Despite Steep Rise in Bond Yields. it would imply Japan\'s bond yields of 1% and lower, deserve stock P/E ratios of 100 or higher. NEW YORK -- A surge in technology stocks lent strength to the overall market, but weakness in the oil sector helped contain the advance in blue-chip market measures. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks fell modestly as manufacturing and oil stocks weakened. Traders said the declines in consumer stocks and a big sell-off in the bond market both reflected a growing aggressiveness on the part of investors. NEW YORK -- High-technology stocks overcame another earnings worry about a key sector of the industry to notch big gains, but more weakness in the oil patch and a tentative reaction to profit statements left blue-chip names narrowly lower. Further declines in oil prices caused energy and energy-services stocks to decline again. Energy and oil field-service stocks turned lower again on continued weakness in the pricing of energy products. NEW YORK -- A steep loss by some major financial issues offset an anticipated rally in oil shares. The rally in oil prices helped lift shares of energy stocks out of recent doldrums. Banking stocks moved higher amid declining bond yields and more talk about consolidation in the sector. Stocks of some silver-mining concerns moved higher on news that investor Warren Buffett had been buying large amounts of silver. The continued weakness of oil and natural-gas prices, knocked oil and oil-services stocks lower. stocks staged a surprising rally Friday, despite a plunge in the unemployment rate that sent investors fleeing from the bond market. Oil stocks ticked higher as crude-oil prices rose during the escalating tensions in the Middle East. An unexpectedly sharp rise in the CPI could easily push bond yields higher, and knock stocks lower. One phenomenon of the day was the big gains in precious-metals stocks, which tracked an increase in gold prices. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks soared amid a powerful bond rally in the wake of fresh evidence that inflation remains in check. The stock market's violent sell-off late Friday, even as the bond market managed to stage a muted rally. stocks were buffeted first by the combination of a weaker dollar and rising interest rates as bonds slumped. Thanks to the recovery in the bond market, the decline in banking stocks was smaller than for the broad market. Stock prices plunged Friday in response to the sell-off in the bond market. With bond yields in retreat yesterday, bank stocks were primed to improve. The bond market's rally helped boost banking stocks. likely will push bond yields higher and stocks lower. NEW YORK -- A meltdown in technology stocks and weakening bond prices triggered the second-biggest single-day drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average of the year. Oil stocks were another source of the Dow index's weakness as Exxon fell 2 3/4 to 100 1/2. NEW YORK -- A combination of late-day program selling and a reversal of bond prices knocked stocks sharply lower in the most actively traded session in New York Stock Exchange history. 5% because of higher energy costs underpinned a rally in oil stocks. propelling bond prices sharply higher and yields lower, setting the tone for the stock market's rally. surging technology stocks drove markets higher in the face of falling bond prices. said stocks -- especially stock-index futures -- couldn't hold onto early gains in the face of rising bond yields. Bond prices fell and yields rose amid rising oil prices and a stronger-than-expected industrial production report. Bank stocks rebounded narrowly after some weakness Thursday following the bond market's drop. The decline in oil stocks contributed to a slide that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbling 29. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks failed to hold an early gain and pulled the market lower amid what analysts said were some worries about a weakening economy's impact on earnings in the fourth quarter. One analyst said investors knocked the stock lower because they are reluctant to pay as high a price/earnings multiple for an oil company as they would a chemical company. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks traded higher after crude prices soared. Stocks moved sharply higher in early trading, as bond yields fell. but also provide ample reason for a strong rally in the bond market, which probably would boost stock prices. 'Industrials Climb in Quiet Session As Shares of Oil Companies Rise. Stocks opened the day higher, which was sparked by a decline in bond yields. Stocks with the greatest exposure to the interest-rate decline in Friday's bond market enjoyed some of the strongest gains. NEW YORK -- Caution ahead of the highly anticipated May employment report today outweighed the bond market's strength, pushing stocks lower. Recent weakness in oil prices and uncertainty as to what impact Iraq's return to the oil market might have on prices helped push oil stocks lower. 'Stocks Decline in Reaction to Fed As Oil Shares Give Up Some Gains. Stocks rose after a report from the University of Michigan showing unexpectedly weak consumer confidence helped to lower interest rates in the bond market. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks edged lower on a sharp decline in crude prices. ended several days of advances by the shares, and offset the gains in some of the bigger oil stocks. Oil stocks accounted for a large portion of the rise in blue chips. Other oil stocks rose after falling Monday. NEW YORK -- Rising bond prices stoked a continuing rebound in blue-chip stocks that briefly lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average within a hair of another record finish. 'Blue-Chip Stocks Close Down On Session-Long Bond Weakness. A stronger dollar, a sharp rise in Treasury prices and continuing optimism for a rate cut all helped support the improvement in equities. Shares of oil companies were mostly lower as crude oil prices retreated. when a report on regional manufacturing cut gains in the long bond's price, bond prices rose -- once again on the budget outlook -- and drew stocks higher. Bond Rally Spur Stocks To Regain Part of Monday's Loss. NEW YORK -- Stocks recovered about one-third of Monday's losses, boosted by a rally in the bond market and enthusiasm about the Fed's decision to trim short-term rates. Warning that the dollar could climb 10% to 12% against major European currencies, "You\'d hate to get the stock market call correct and then see that performance neutralized by a rising dollar. "The bond market\'s strength suggests the economy is weak, stable growth stocks. While bond prices rose on a tame inflation report, stock investors focused on earnings reports in bidding prices higher. The dollar mustered a slight recovery, which contributed to Thursday's downturn in the equities market. usually sensitive to the problems a stronger dollar poses to sales abroad, while technology stocks joined economically sensitive issues in the broad-based rally. stocks settled into a tight trading range until a late rally in bond prices helped push stocks higher. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks fell in another referendum on the strength of the dollar. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as technology issues gained on strong earnings reports while multinationals were kept in check by the rising dollar. Stocks finished mostly lower, dragged down by weakening bond prices. Even a rising bond market couldn't lead stocks higher. A rally in the bond market also gave stocks a lift. In addition to the weakness of the bond market, which stocks generally shrugged off but will be hard-pressed to ignore if the weakness continues. stocks already so high, foreign investors may be reluctant to flood into the market even if the dollar stabilizes or rises. said stocks fell in reaction to the bond market's retreat. a permanently declining dollar, permanently stable oil prices. Analysts said rising bond yields played a key role in sending stock prices lower. Analysts said firm oil prices unsettled some investors and may have contributed to softness in the market, though oil industry stocks received a boost. NEW YORK -- A sell-off in the bond market eroded investors' enthusiasm for first-quarter earnings reports, and stocks finished lower after a late-session decline. Many analysts feel the bond market's strong rally since late November 1994 has played a crucial role in the stock market's impressive four-month rally. But sustained weakness in the dollar helped set the table for a decline in equities. Weakness in bond and currency markets drew stocks down in sympathy early in the session. NEW YORK -- Stocks were mixed as weakness in the bond market led shares down early and a stronger-than-expected reading on consumer confidence robbed them of forward momentum. A resurgent dollar and bond-market rally lifted stock prices solidly higher. "Stocks actually like a depreciating dollar because it can improve earnings reports with built-in currency gains from overseas operations. Many analysts fret that unless the dollar can rally, the current stock market gains could rapidly unravel. NEW YORK -- Stock prices rose as investors chased a powerful bond market rally sparked by a reassuring economic outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan. Interest-rate sensitive stocks posted the biggest gains, while the bond market soared. comments from Fed officials about how strong the economy appeared to be combined with rising commodities prices and gains in oil and precious-metal stocks to conjure up fears that rising inflation is about to burst onto the scene. NEW YORK -- A jump in bond prices helped propel the stock market higher. when weakness in the dollar led to a steep drop in the bond market, whose strength had been a major factor behind the stock market's recent gains. NEW YORK -- Stocks continued the year-end rally that began late last week, getting an important boost from the bond market. but much of the stock market was mixed even as the 30-year Treasury bond rose strongly. bond investors expect interest rates will go higher, most likely undermining any tax-cut-driven rally in the stock market. NEW YORK -- Stocks finished mixed as investors remain concerned by the steady advance in bond yields and the prospect of a new Federal Reserve credit tightening. NEW YORK -- Stocks snapped back after five sessions of weakness as the bond market finally turned higher. Stocks started with a downdraft as the dollar initially fell to a post-World War II low against the yen and a two-year low against the mark. NEW YORK -- Stocks skidded as new signs of economic strength sent bond yields soaring. stock prices closed solidly higher on the strength of an impressive showing by the bond market. A moderate rebound in bond prices after a tumble Friday wasn't enough to encourage stock investors. Troubling inflation news and a steep plunge in bond prices sent stocks on their worst tumble in two months. NEW YORK -- Stocks edged lower as the dollar weakened against major currencies for a fourth-straight session. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mostly lower amid a sell-off in the bond market and a stronger-than-expected rise in producer prices. combined with gains in the dollar against the mark and yen, cleared the way for yesterday's stock market rise. Stocks fell for the second straight session, tracking a tumbling bond market. Oil stocks declined as crude oil prices retreated from Monday's gains. sparking a powerful rally in the bond market and driving stock prices sharply higher. Stock prices shot higher as a solid but restrained gross-domestic-product report sparked a powerful rally in the bond market. already nervous about rising commodities prices and inflationary pressures, followed the dollar lower. weakness in the dollar and rumors of liquidations in the mortgage-backed securities market combined to shove the 30-year bond down a full point. "Stocks End Session Mostly Higher Despite Dollar's Decline to Low. Precious-metals stocks didn't participate in yesterday's recovery in the face of declining gold prices. Oil stocks largely recovered from Monday's sell-off -- with the notable exception of Exxon. Oil stocks rose across-the-board amid a rise in oil prices. NEW YORK -- Stock prices fell, tracking a declining bond market. A sharp bond market rally dispelled early inflation fears, allowing stocks to post a moderate advance. Analysts said investors were concerned Friday about the dollar's weakness and another jump in the Commodity Research Bureau index of the 21 most widely followed commodities. NEW YORK -- Stocks reversed Tuesday's gains as the bond market sell-off resumed. Uncertainty about what the central bank will do in response to growing evidence of economic strength has helped push stocks down for four straight sessions and lifted long-term bond yields to their highest level since November 1992. A weakening dollar can erode Treasury bond prices because it reduces the value to foreigners of their investments in dollardenominated securities. Surprisingly strong data on April employment and an unexpected drop in the unemployment rate triggered the bond market rout and put pressure on stocks. That inaction sent stock and bond prices tumbling toward their lows as investors feared the central bank was falling behind in the effort to control inflation. The gains in the stock market came even as government bond prices fell. NEW YORK -- Stocks retreated as renewed inflation worries sent bond prices tumbling. NEW YORK -- Dazed and confused investors held back amid more weakness in bond prices, leaving stocks mixed. Stock prices have largely mirrored the movement of bond prices throughout the downturn and another big plunge in the bond market could certainly pummel stocks badly. Investors remain unconvinced that the bond market rout, which has sent interest rates soaring and stock prices tumbling. "I think you want to see the stock market settling down, the Federal Reserve moving rates higher and the dollar getting stronger before you get more aggressive on stocks. NEW YORK -- Tumbling oil and technology issues depressed the stock market despite a rally in bonds. Strength in the bond market also helped lift stocks late in the day. NEW YORK -- A futures-related sell program sent stock prices lower at the close, despite a bond rally amid news of another Federal Reserve tightening. When bond prices rose stocks fell and when bonds plummeted stocks rallied. Stocks recovered from the early losses as the rally in the bond market mounted. NEW YORK -- Another sell-off in the bond market left stocks lower. NEW YORK -- A rebound in the bond market carried stocks mostly higher. Chevron lost 1 1/2 to 85 3/4 while other major oil stocks were mixed amid a drop in oil prices. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip issues led the stock market higher, boosted by rebounding bond prices and program buying. NEW YORK -- Stocks crept mostly lower as nervous investors watched bond prices slide. including the bond slump and a jump in commodities prices. NEW YORK -- Strength in the bond market and a solid snapback in beleaguered utility stocks cleared the way for gains in stocks. the bond market underwent a phenomenal rally last year, providing a solid foundation for the stock market's gains. Gains in oil stocks and a handful of industrial stocks propelled the index of 30 blue-chip stocks higher. NEW YORK -- Sharply lower bond prices and profit-taking trimmed more of the gains made by stocks this year in fairly quiet trading. Many interest-rate-sensitive financial stocks rebounded after slumping earlier in the week in reaction to the bond market's slide. NEW YORK -- Stocks followed bonds lower, but positive economic news and strength in oil shares blunted the equity market's losses. Canelo said he doesn\'t expect stocks to tumble unless long bond yields climb above 6. NEW YORK -- Tumbling bond prices derailed a year-end stock rally that had carried the Dow Jones Industrial Average to three straight new highs. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose to its third record high of the week on strength in oil stocks. Continued strength in overseas stock markets and a sharp drop in oil. Stocks started the day lower as a sell-off in the bond market preyed upon stock investors. as stock prices powered higher yesterday, bond prices slumped with the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond rising to 6. said that stocks were propped up by a rebound in the oil group and a rally among technology stocks. NEW YORK -- Stocks ended lower after a rally in the bond market petered out. Airline stocks and other transportation issues soared as oil prices continued to erode in the wake of a decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to leave its production ceiling untouched. The decline in oil prices helped lift bond prices Friday and provide some underlying strength for the stock market. NEW YORK -- Stocks rebounded slightly as a surprise bond market rally pushed long-term interest rates lower for the first time in more than a week. The huge oil and gas company rose after a rally on the London Stock Exchange earlier in the day following the Bank of England's cut of 1/2 point in its base rate to 5. The rally in crude oil prices sent oil-related stocks sharply higher. Although the weakness of the bond market appears to be related to signs of a pickup in the pace of economic activity, the lofty levels of the major stock indexes have left investors jittery enough to withdraw from the market at the first sight of higher rates. Slumping bond prices tempered stock market investors' spirits and cut into the industrial average's gains. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mostly lower amid falling bond prices. leading to higher oil and other commodity prices -- and ultimately resulting in higher interest rates and lower stock prices. Stocks edged mostly higher on rising bond prices. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mixed as long-term bond prices rose for a second straight day. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell as investors watched bond prices slide. Lower bond prices mean a higher bond yield, and it is that jump that rattled stock investors. Equities didn't follow the long bond's 3/4-point jump on tumbling commodity prices and the poor economic news. A sharp rally in the bond market helped drive stock prices higher. Disappointing economic news knocked stock prices lower in early trading, but the powerful bond market rally reversed the decline. NEW YORK -- Investors ignored surging bond prices and a health-care sector rally to bid stocks lower ahead of the long weekend. Stock prices fell amid declining bond prices. Analysts said stocks were supported by a sharp decline in interest rates that sent the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond tumbling to 6. Transportation stocks soared, buoyed by stable oil prices. Shares of precious metals producers fell as gold prices fell sharply for a second straight day. But precious metals stocks rebounded as gold recovered from last week's steep sell-off. He expects bond prices to tumble if the budget bill is defeated and that, would probably drag stocks lower. "Turmoil Could Boost European Stocks, But Dollar's Rise May Erase All Gains. Some analysts are predicting that the dollar will rise 10% or more against European currencies in the next year, effectively wiping out an equal amount of gains in those stock markets. If these professionals feel the dollar is going to rise, thus capturing much of the foreign stock market's return without the risk that a stronger dollar will eat sharply into their profits. Rebounds in technology and drug stocks helped drive the market higher despite falling bond prices. NEW YORK -- Late futures-related program selling and bond market weakness forced stock prices to sink and the Dow Jones Industrial Average to retreat from its all-time high set on Wednesday. Why are stocks climbing even though the bond market is slumping? She said she suspects that stock investors were waiting for some early sign of what second-quarter earnings would look like before they placed any firm bets on the market. Airline stocks surged as crude oil prices retreated from a rally Monday. Stock prices started the day higher but eroded as interest rates rose amid sharp gains in gold prices and a jump in the Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21 futures contracts. reflecting the rise in gold, a surge in grain prices and a rebound in crude oil prices. In two previous periods of falling stock prices, mutual fund investors did turn sour on stock funds and switched large amounts of money into bond and money market funds. Stocks inched higher on strength from the bond market. NEW YORK -- A rally in the bond market soothed investors' jitters and sent stock prices higher. said negative analyst comments -- about both the oil stocks and the bank group -- played a large role in yesterday\'s weakness. "Stocks Retreat on Drop in Dollar. NEW YORK -- Worries about inflation and the continued slide in the value of the dollar sent stocks into a retreat. NEW YORK -- Surging bond prices lifted stocks amid declining inflation fears and rising hope the federal budget deficit will be cut. NEW YORK -- Stock investors shrugged off the second day of a powerful bond market rally to leave prices mixed with only slight changes. Precious metals stocks were lower as spot gold fell in New York. Dudack expects the stock and bond markets to tumble in an "emotional" sell-off. Yesterday's jump in stock prices was fueled by an explosive rally in the bond market. and a resulting explosive rally in bond prices, couldn't console stock investors. Traders said a rebound of more than 3/8-point in the 30-year Treasury bond and moderate gains in tobacco stocks helped to stabilize the stock market yesterday. A jump in gold prices helped lift precious metals stocks. Stocks started the day higher, buoyed by higher bond prices and an easing of the political skirmishing in Russia. Rising interest rates helped to depress stocks early in the day, but a reversal in the bond market eased those concerns in the afternoon. Stocks started the day higher and managed to hold their gains even as bond prices fell on signs that inflation may be accelerating. Supplies of oil to the West may be disrupted and production of industrial metals may drop drastically, putting upward pressure on world commodity prices. Canelo said yesterday's drop in bond prices while stocks were mixed suggests there are a number of big money managers who are continuing to pull money out of bonds and pour it into stocks. Stocks shot higher at the opening bell, largely on the strength of a soaring bond market and buying from short-term traders looking for quick profits. from rising stock prices and a firming dollar. Even though oil prices actually fell yesterday, stocks of some big oil companies rose. The rally in oil stocks together with gains in Eastman Kodak and International Business Machines "helped mask the weakness in the Dow. Lower interest rates also sent stocks higher as bond prices continued to climb. A sharp drop in bond yields also spurred gains in stock prices. When bond prices began falling, fears of a drop in stock prices increased. McAlinden worries that rising commodity prices could reignite inflation and restrain the stock market\'s advance. Oil stocks fell as investors began to lose confidence in the ability of oil-producing nations to push through substantial price increases. 'Industrials Fall on Prospect of Rise In Oil Prices, Energy Stocks Leap. Stocks rose slightly in sluggish trading, helped by rising bond prices. NEW YORK -- Stocks soared to a record as investors shrugged off a poor economic reading and instead focused on continued strength in the bond market. Transportation stocks helped fuel the rally early in the day, but weakened as crude oil prices strengthened later in the session. NEW YORK -- A rebound in the bond market helped lift stocks from their lows. That\'s because a rally in oil stocks suggests higher production costs for industrial companies. If airlines can bounce back in spite of higher oil prices, which means other battered stock groups might rebound. A rally in oil stocks helped lift major market indexes to solid gains. But higher oil prices sent airline stocks lower. He compares the sharp rise in the prices of many cyclical stocks with the continued slump in gold prices. stock prices rose along with bond prices -- seemingly ignoring a Commerce Department announcement that durable goods orders fell 0. Stocks fell partly because of weak auto sales, but ended significantly above their lows for the day as investors tried to catch up with a rip-roaring bond rally. That is because rising bond prices mean interest rates are falling, which encourages stock investors who think lower interest rates will help the economy recover. stocks had seen their afternoon peaks and were headed lower again -- despite a sharp rise in bond prices. Abrams argues that stock investors have already discounted dollar weakness and that further declines won't pack nearly as much punch as the earlier drops in the U. A rising dollar and firming bond prices added to the buoyant mood. Stocks slumped in the middle of the day but rallied in the afternoon as bond prices rose. NEW YORK -- A falling bond market dragged stocks lower as hopes for another interest rate cut before the presidential election began to fade. Weakness in the bond market also pushed stocks lower. Some traders attributed the afternoon stock rally to a rise in the dollar. NEW YORK -- Stocks edged higher, bolstered by a firming dollar. Traders attributed the stock market\'s strength to a rebound in the dollar. NEW YORK -- Renewed skepticism about the economy's strength helped sink stocks yesterday, despite a celebration of lower interest rates in the bond market. Stocks rose as the dollar remained stable. Oil company stocks -- many of which have large natural gas reserves -- also rose. NEW YORK -- Continued stability in the dollar and a sharp rally in bonds cleared a path to higher ground for stocks. Stocks plunged on fears about the declining dollar. NEW YORK -- Traders took their cue from rising bond prices and bid stocks mildly higher. Stocks rose on some generally positive economic data, higher bond prices and stronger overseas markets. Stocks also strengthened as bond prices recovered after a sharp sell-off Thursday and several overseas stock markets recovered from recent losses. NEW YORK -- Stock prices rose early in the day, then fell back as selling in the bond market pushed yields higher. weakness in the bond market prompted program selling that knocked stock prices lower. NEW YORK -- Stocks weakened despite the continuing bond market rally. investors' concerns about the economy may have kept rising bond prices from sparking a stock market advance. But the stock market's gains were tempered again by worries about interest rates, which have been edging higher in the bond market. The firming bond prices started stocks climbing. Some airline stocks continued to climb, helped by the falling oil prices. Brokerage firm stocks fell because investors fear a reduction in stock and bond offerings. The stock market gathered steam in the afternoon as the bond market firmed on hopes that continued softness in the economy will lead the Federal Reserve Board to ease monetary policy again soon. Share prices surged at the opening on a burst of optimism over falling bond market yields and climbing stock prices overseas. NEW YORK -- A sharp rally in the bond market proved contagious yesterday, spreading to stocks even though the rally was started by some sobering economic news. when the bond market plunged but stocks soared on a surprisingly strong economic report for July. NEW YORK -- Stocks couldn't hold their gains, despite a sharp rally in the bond market. "The reason the stock market didn\'t follow the bond market higher was that bonds rallied because the recovery seems to be sputtering. NEW YORK -- Stocks ended higher in modest trading, aided initially by a continued decline in bond yields and later by a late burst of computer-guided buy programs. The oil company's shares recently had retreated after rocketing higher on speculation over the size of its share of a new Colombian oil field. 'The Dollar Rally, Hit on Profits May Drag Down Stock Market. Should they sell shares to raise cash? Shouldn't they sell their bank stocks? Was it wise to sell the rising oil stocks and switch into tumbling airline shares?. Firming bond prices helped set the stage for yesterday's stock gains. Some market analysts suggested that the bond market is oversold and due for a brief rally -- something that could lift stocks out of their doldrums. Stock investors sold because lower bond prices meant higher yields and higher interest rates. Traders said the stock advance was primed by the bond market and propelled higher by some computer-driven buy programs. Then fears that a resurgent economy would spark higher inflation began a bond market selloff that brought stock prices down as interest rates went up. Rising bond yields sent stock prices tumbling. Following a recovery in bond prices, stocks finished higher in light pre-holiday trading. A late rally in bonds failed to prompt any interest in stocks, though the bond market's slide earlier last week was blamed for the stock market's lackluster performance then. Stocks took their steepest tumble in nearly two months, reacting to a deep slide in bond prices. rising bond prices and falling interest rates created a continually improving environment for stocks. Stocks began falling as bond prices weakened. Bond yields may rise far enough to become a more competitive investment, and the dollar's gains may erode earnings of companies where foreign sales make an important contribution to the bottom line. Foreign investors haven't been a big presence in the stock market for the past few years because they feared a weakening dollar would eliminate or at least seriously reduce any gains in stock prices. Gold prices rose, but gold stocks continued to slide. Also sharply higher were some airline stocks, which often rally when oil prices decline. Airline stocks soared, in part because fuel costs are expected to decline along with the price of oil. Some airline stocks managed to close higher as oil prices plunged early in the day. Rising oil prices generally depress airline stocks as investors anticipate higher fuel costs. The drop in bond prices helped stall further gains in stocks. Energy stocks were generally higher as oil prices continue to climb on Mideast tensions. NEW YORK -- Peace rumors and a corresponding drop in oil prices sent stocks soaring in the strongest rally this month. The report caused oil prices to jump, deflated an early rally in the bond market and caused the industrial average to skid about 14 points at the opening bell. Crude oil prices bounced back from early losses by the close, and an early advance on the bond market was turned back as Treasury issues ended as much as 1/4 point lower. Some chemical stocks continued to rally on the prospect of lower raw material costs as oil prices slid. Oil and oil-related stocks were mostly lower despite a rebound in some oil prices from Friday's plunge. That stock prices could rise in the face of rising oil prices betrays an underlying desire to move stock prices higher still. But higher bond prices didn't take stock equity lower. The recovery in oil prices triggered a sell-off in the jittery stock market. 'Industrials Climb in Brisk Volume As Oil, Commodity Prices Slide. Despite yesterday's rise in oil prices, major oil stocks continued to weaken. NEW YORK -- With a one-two boost from plunging oil prices and falling interest rates, stocks had their biggest daily rise in almost a month. He said the rate decline took place despite a volatile oil market, a falling dollar. NEW YORK -- Lower oil prices and interest rates helped push stock prices higher. The high hopes sent the bond market higher and helped firm financial stocks. The early advance in stock prices stumbled in midmorning on a brief upturn in oil prices. Stock prices bounced up and down, turning higher as oil prices slumped and declining as oil prices rallied. fueled by an advance in the stock futures market and an afternoon slump in oil prices. But falling oil prices and some apparent easing of tensions in the Middle East couldn't stem more fundamental fears surrounding some stocks. Airline stocks were generally higher, responding to the slide in oil prices. Other airline stocks were stronger because of weakening oil prices. a tumbling dollar, and a rise in bond yields to 9. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell to their lowest levels in more than a week, as investors backed away from a market shaken by climbing oil prices. NEW YORK -- Stock prices fell under the pressures of rising oil prices again yesterday afternoon. oil prices began climbing, driving both stocks and bonds lower. The advance swept stock prices higher across the board -- with the notable exception of gold and oil-related shares. NEW YORK -- The stock market retreated again as crude oil prices surged as high as $40 a barrel. NEW YORK -- Falling interest rates and slightly lower oil prices helped stocks break a daylong slump to edge higher. But a jump in Treasury bond prices and a weaker crude-oil market helped stocks climb out of an earlier loss of more than 34 points. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed in sluggish trading, but ended the session on an upswing as another surge in the price of oil rekindled buying interest in the energy sector. which could result in an explosive rise in oil prices and sharply falling stocks. Energy stocks fell despite the afternoon upturn in oil prices. The stock market moved higher in quiet trading, supported by falling oil prices and optimism about President Bush's apparent resolve to reduce the federal deficit. Stocks headed lower from the opening bell, and the sell-off gained momentum as the price of oil rallied above $30 a barrel -- a level reached two weeks ago for the first time since the early 1980s -- and then broke through the $31-a-barrel mark. major oil stocks closed mixed despite the latest surge in oil prices. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as some late bargain-hunting blunted the impact of an early sell-off, sparked by a surge in oil prices and further evidence of weakness in the economy. Declining stocks routed advancers, with oil issues dominating the list of gainers as nervousness about the Middle East sent oil prices soaring. Growth stocks and recession-resistant consumer issues paced the market's downturn, while oil and precious-metals stocks bucked the decline -- a pattern which has prevailed since Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait two weeks ago. Selected oil stocks also rallied amid the market's retreat as the Persian Gulf situation pushed oil prices higher. NEW YORK -- The stock market continued its rebound as encouraging words on the Middle East situation and a rise in bond prices inspired further bargain-hunting. Other airline stocks also fell sharply amid news that Pan Am plans a 10% fare increase as a result of soaring jet fuel costs, tied to the rise in oil prices. Consumer stocks were generally hit hard in the sell-off as the sharp increase in oil prices heightened concerns about the economic outlook. While this weak economic data gave a boost to bond prices, stocks didn't fall significantly. the recent rally in oil stocks continued as September crude-oil futures rose well above $21 a barrel -- the price target set by OPEC at its meeting last weekin New York trading. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed widely mixed as a rally in oil stocks and waves of futures-related buy programs offset further selling inspired by disappointing earnings. oil stocks began to show strength and the market's rebound got under way. but the market's late rebound swept oil stocks higher even though oil prices extended a decline in which the price of crude has reached 18-month lows. "A 15% move {downward} in gold prices in the past has always led to some kind of improvement in the economy and one heck of a bull-market move in stocks. Harmstone strongly believes the historical "risk premium" of stocks over bonds will be restored by both a retreat in stock prices and a decline in bond yields -- which pushes up bond prices -- with the sharper adjustment in stocks. said Saudi Arabia\'s discounts on crude oil purchase contracts for July should hold down oil prices, causing "downward trading pressure" on energy stocks. Traders cited the bond market's ability to build on its sharp gains Friday in response to the jobs data as a chief factor behind the latest surge in stocks. Precious-metals stocks were left out of the market's rise as the price of gold extended its recent retreat. Lower oil prices also sparked a sell-off among oil-field services stocks. precious-metals stocks paced the market's retreat amid a sharp decline in the price of gold. The engine driving stocks' thrust was a powerful bond market rally that pushed down long-term interest rates to 8. But if Friday's surge in bond prices really does mark a turn toward declining interest rates -- and many analysts contend that it does -- the stage may be set for a solid stock market rally. NEW YORK -- The stock market's advance over the past week and a half finally faltered, as prices finished mixed amid weakness in bonds and a sell-off in the dollar. Bond prices retreated to lower levels on the report, but the downturn affected stocks only briefly. stocks finished higher for the second straight day despite another slump in the bond market. Stocks began the session by moving higher along with bonds, but were unable to hold the gains after renewed weakness developed in the bond market. reflecting an advance in stocks beyond the upper limit of their recent trading range and a downturn in bond prices. Oil stocks rebounded from their sell-off Wednesday as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries confirmed it is considering an urgent meeting and other options to stop the current decline in world oil prices. While the price of oil abruptly reversed course during the session on reports that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries might hold an emergency meeting to address the slump in world oil markets, the rebound failed to stem the weakness in energy stocks. 99 Amid Drop in Dollar, Bond Sell-Off. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed lower as the market reacted to a downturn in the dollar and a subsequent sell-off in bonds. Analysts cited the dollar's sudden reversal as the initial catalyst for the slide in stocks. but other precious-metals stocks continued to decline in response to lower gold prices. stocks worked their way to higher levels by midday as the dollar rallied despite a one-point increase in Japan's official discount rate to 5. Bond prices took their cue from the dollar and moved higher after dropping in response to news that the February consumer price index rose 0. Bond prices tumbled amid growing pessimism about lower rates and a stalling of the dollar's recent rally. The dollar's strength helped push interest rates slightly lower in the bond market. And price gains among the regional telephone stocks suggest to him that the bond market may be about to have its own rally. Stocks slipped lower as rising bond yields competed for investor dollars. Oil stocks were down on prospects for lower crude-oil prices. NEW YORK -- Stock prices moved broadly and sharply higher as the market took its cue from a recovery in bond prices and multiple rounds of futures-related program buying. Other oil stocks moved higher amid a rally in oil prices. Traders said South African gold stocks were higher because of rising gold prices and gains in the rand against the dollar. resulting from an early upturn in bond prices and gains overnight on overseas stock markets. Oil stocks fell as petroleum prices pulled back amid concerns that the recent rally in the oil markets won't be sustained. but oil stocks generally turned lower after pacing the market's rise Tuesday. Bargain-hunting after Monday's sell-off and a recovery in the Treasury bond market helped underpin stocks. NEW YORK -- Stocks tripped over a falling dollar and tumbling bonds. Program selling kicked in at several points yesterday as traders bought "cheaper" S&P futures -- which fell in reaction to tumbling bond prices -- and sold the underlying stocks. Many stocks of companies involved in actual or rumored takeover bids fell, responding to the weakening junk bond market. The shares fell 5/16 to 12 13/16, partly because of a sharp rise in the dollar against the British pound and partly on selling by investors in London who are skeptical over a bid for the company by a group led by Sir James Goldsmith. Thrusting Japanese investors toward American stocks are an unexpectedly strong dollar and a need to diversify the riches generated by Japan's high savings rate and large trade surplus. Despite a slightly firmer bond market yesterday morning, stocks opened lower. A recovery in the bond market and a late round of buying tied to the expiration of stock-index futures and options sent stocks higher. But disappointment that the Federal Reserve didn't push rates lower in response to the data caught up with stocks, abrupt slide in bond prices at midday sparked selling in the stock-index futures market. Falling interest rates were the catalyst for institutions' heavy stock buying as the bond market rallied and a number of banks reduced their prime lending rates. and other oil stocks extended a retreat that started Monday amid a sharp decline in oil prices. The firm cited weakness in the used oil business, the impact of a stronger dollar and start-up costs in Spain and France. Oil stocks were mixed in the wake of their rally Tuesday. recorded the sharpest advance among major oil stocks and contributed to the rise in the industrial average. the real bedrock of the stock market rally was the dollar's surprising strength in the first half. An early sell-off in the dollar and bonds help put stocks on a downward path from the beginning of the session. NEW YORK -- Stock prices posted their largest decline in more than a week as investors reassessed the potential impact of the rising dollar on the earnings of multinational corporations. Drug stocks were especially weak in the wake of Pfizer's forecast that second-quarter net income would be down 30% to 40% from a year ago, partly because of the unexpected climb in the dollar. "Just as a rising dollar has created gains in the stock market. "Strength in the (Amex) oil group earlier this year brought it close enough to all-time highs so it could cross that line even with today\'s pullback" in oil shares. Solid gains among oil stocks provided the fuel for the market's upturn. NEW YORK -- An abrupt sell-off in early trading failed to sink the stock market, which drew strength from gains in bonds and the dollar and closed higher in active trading. Strength in the dollar, and resulting gains in the bond market also provided a boost to stocks. stocks of British-based companies fell victim to growing fears that the dollar's strength might lead to higher rates in Britain. much of yesterday's stock boost came on early-morning program buying in sympathy with strength in bond futures. 10-an-ounce plunge in the spot gold price and a sell-off of gold shares such as Hecla Mining and Battle Mountain Gold. 'Selling of Technology Issues Sends Stocks Lower Despite Bond Rally. Oil stocks also moved lower as crude oil prices fell sharply after rallying past $20 a barrel last week. More puzzling was that while stock investors blithely bid prices higher, bond investors were hunkered down. The strength in oil stocks reflected this week's rise in oil prices. with an assist from a stable bond market, stocks fell victim to a late round of computer-assisted program trading. Stocks rose, drawing strength from stability in bond prices. NEW YORK -- The stock market had its best rally in three weeks, riding the bond market's renewed strength. the stock market\'s rally was almost totally spurred by the bond market\'s strength. Stocks drifted at mostly lower levels before bond prices turned higher and the dollar rebounded from an overnight downturn. After an early decline -- spurred by disappointment over Fed Chairman Greenspan's congressional testimony on fighting inflation -- stocks and stock-index futures latched on to a midday recovery in the dollar. and the market also benefited from a rally in bond prices and a rebound in the dollar from an early downturn. But he added that once the bond market digests its tumble, "I think the (stock) market will start back up on a continuation of the rally of the past several weeks. the market waffled because of weakness in transportation stocks and a downturn in the bond market. Strength in the bond market and futures-related program buying by institutions took stocks even higher as the day went on. which rose in response to a firming dollar and to some "bargain-hunting" buying when stocks and stock futures declined to temptingly low levels. "The only sense you can make out of this is that the stock market responded positively for the time being to a stable interest-rate, stable dollar environment. Supported by a firmer dollar and early gains in bond futures. Yesterday's stock gains came on a stronger dollar and news that the Federal Reserve's Manuel Johnson said he doesn't expect interest rates to return to levels that prevailed in 1982. Yet the rally -- which got rolling late in the day after Treasury bond futures closed strongly on the Chicago Board of Trade -- may be the tail end of a small move upward for stocks. When bond futures soar as they did late yesterday, stock-index futures typically rise along with them and then are followed by the stocks themselves. The dollar's recovery from an early decline and a firm bond market also encouraged buyers yesterday. Traders attributed the later rally attempt to an easing of the oil-price rise and strength in the dollar and the bond market. In addition to higher rates and oil prices, he pointed to the recent slide in the dollar and the market\'s concern about President-elect Bush\'s ability to deal with the U. Selected oil stocks added to their recent gains as the OPEC agreement pushed oil prices higher. NEW YORK -- Stock prices extended their rebound from recent lows in quiet, pre-holiday trading Wednesday amid a pullback in oil prices and an expectation that the market is due for some relief from its recent pessimism. That proved to be the catalyst for a drop in oil prices and a corresponding surge in airline stocks. NEW YORK -- The stock market fought its way to higher levels in light, with strength in the oil sector giving a boost to blue-chip issues. A stronger dollar sent stock prices higher in very light trading. stocks fell victim to renewed weakness in the dollar and a corresponding slump in bonds. Without a turnaround by the dollar and the bond market -- which has slumped in response to the weakness in the U. NEW YORK -- The stock market tried but failed to rebound from its recent slide, and prices fell in choppy trading amid continuing concerns about the dollar and the U. coupled with the dollar's weakness, could ultimately hurt stocks by causing the Federal Reserve to push interest rates higher. At the root of the stock-market slump last week is stock traders' concern that the falling dollar will cause U. prices staged a broad-based retreat at the opening and fell to sharply lower levels amid renewed weakness in the dollar and a slide in bond prices. A sharp jump in gold prices pushed gold stocks higher. NEW YORK -- Although the stock market rebounded from an early sell-off tied to a slump in the dollar. said a reversal of the dollar's recent downturn is necessary for stocks to move higher before next Tuesday's presidential election. The focus on these numbers sent the dollar into retreat and caused the bond market to give up part of its initial gains after the GNP data were released, and traders said those moves set up stocks for their early downturn. NEW YORK -- Stock prices came under pressure following their rally last week and closed lower in moderate trading, even though sharply lower oil prices and the latest bout of takeover activity encouraged buyers. The slide was exacerbated by weakness in oil stocks. But falling oil prices and a recovery in bonds gave investors an incentive to bid stock prices higher late in the afternoon. Improvement in the bond market and a decline in oil prices also provided a boost for stocks. Profit-taking and continued skittishness about the market's prospects set up stocks for the plunge, weakness in the bond market and a jump in oil prices. Prices came under pressure from the opening bell as the market reacted to an overnight drop in the dollar and a subsequent downturn in bond prices. NEW YORK -- The combination of weakness in the bond market and futures-related selling caused the stock market to retreat in moderate trading. Burnett noted that the dollar also weakened today, which added to the weakness in stocks and bonds. " He said he expects yields in the bond market to come back down over the next few weeks and for the stock market to stage a concurrent advance. Oil stocks fell in response to the recent slide in crude oil prices and the prospects for further declines. Traders said it was a reaction to the worries about rates and a continued slump in the closely watched Tokyo stock market tied to the surge in the dollar's value against the yen. "Bond yields would have been higher without the strength in the dollar. A mild rebound in the bond market helped stock prices nose higher in the slowest trading session of the year. Stocks opened lower but moved higher after bond prices rebounded. and he said the stock market is likely to retreat along with the bond market if the other economic reports don't generate the same type of response. Weakness in the bond market and a reversal of early gains in the dollar caused the decline to accelerate in the afternoon. sees a silver lining in the current stock-price retreat, Lower prices improve what she calls the "private market value" of some stocks. Bond prices advanced despite the mixed economic signals provided by the reports, and stocks eventually followed suit by rebounding from mid-session lows and turning higher in the final hour. Weakness in the bond market and the dollar heightened the market's continuing fears about the possibility that interest rates may be heading higher. 56 points Monday on a surge in oil prices and a drop in bond prices. A surge in gold prices translated into gains for gold-mining stocks. The stock market weakened yesterday in response to a sharp increase in crude oil prices and some profit-taking following its rally late last week. Iran's acceptance of a United Nations resolution calling for a cease-fire in its war with Iraq sent oil prices soaring in New York, and traders said the stock market felt the impact of the rally in the form of renewed concerns about the inflation outlook. either the dollar will have to stage another rally or oil prices will have to turn lower once again. Higher oil prices, and strong earnings reports in selected stocks also contributed to the market's rise. He said the stock market's early summer rally stalled largely because a rising dollar failed to attract the foreign investment that people had hoped for. as rising commodity prices pushed the stock market lower. An upturn in commodity prices and persistent fears of higher interest rates drove the stock market lower. A drop in commodity prices relieved some investors' fears of inflation, moving the stock market modestly higher in slow trading. Higher oil prices stoked inflation fears and sent the stock market lower in moderately active trading. says that with the loss of support from the bond market, stocks are set for a pullback. with the Dow Jones industrials falling short of the 2200 level before a downturn in the dollar sends stocks lower. Blue-chip issues got another boost from the Dow Jones Transportation Average, which hit a post-crash high on news of the drop in oil prices. The prospect of lower oil prices made for sharp gains in airline stocks. Goldman said the bond market\'s failure to rally on a stronger dollar and a decline in the CRB index is signaling inflationary dangers. He asserted that the dollar's strength is evidence of a world-wide demand for credit that will push interest rates higher and stock prices lower. A soaring dollar and a favorable inflation report boosted stock prices to a post-crash high. which greeted the commodities news with a rally of its own, and from a generally firmer dollar. which greeted the commodities news with a rally of its own, and from a generally firmer dollar. Another factor cited was the strength of the bond market, despite a further rise in commodity prices. those with high dividend yields that can compete with bond yields and those that benefit from a lower dollar. The market seemed to give up the fight at midday as a downturn in the bond market again sent stocks into retreat. Most oil stocks rose on a further upturn in crude-oil prices in the wake of an explosion at a Shell Oil refining plant in Louisiana. Sharp declines in oil prices sent bluechip stock prices higher in another session of quiet trading. Stock prices drifted at lower levels for much of the session, but traders said investors were encouraged by the drop in oil prices resulting from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' failure to agree with several nonmember producers on a plan for cutting output. analysts said they were impressed that stock prices didn't follow the slide in bond prices. The weakness in the bond market that has accompanied the higher rates has become "a hurdle that the stock market may find hard to leap. he added that the Fed clearly isn't in a position to help the bond market break out of its slump, which would give stocks a boost. Oil stocks weakened as crude oil futures extended their recent pullback in New York trading. A firmer dollar and some bargain-hunting helped the stock market snap back from Thursday's plunge. Traders said the downturn in stocks was partly the result of a slide in bond prices. but higher interest rates and a jump in oil prices curbed some investors' enthusiasm for stocks. Traders said stock prices initially slumped yesterday morning as oil prices soared after last weekend's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to renew its efforts to seek cooperation from nonmember producers. Oil stocks generally moved higher in response to the advance in oil prices. The stock market took off at midsession on a sudden surge in the dollar and posted its sharpest advance in more than three months. The advance was bolstered by gains in the bond market, which took the report as a sign that the Federal Reserve may not have to tighten credit to boost the dollar. 'Stocks Advance on Stronger Dollar, Bond Rebound and Gains Overseas. Stock prices jumped at the opening bell as traders took note of the firming dollar and gains in the Tokyo stock market. Bond prices also fell early in the day, exacerbating the downward pressure on the stock market. combined with a bond market in which investors are worried about the inflationary implications of the economy\'s current strength, mean "there isn\'t a lot to send equities broadly higher. As the dollar's rise and the bond market's rally indicated. Despite a steep 70-cent-a-barrel decline in the price of oil yesterday, the bond market failed to rally. That has since been reflected in a lethargic bond market and a retreat in utility stocks prior to yesterday\'s sharp across-the-board plunge in stock prices. Sharma said that among the events that could trigger a sharp drop in stock prices would be a rise in interest rates that would first be evident in the bond market or a larger-than-expected January merchandise trade deficit. such as a rise in interest rates or a further decline in the dollar, could set off a sharp downward move in the stock market. An advance in bond prices, a sharp drop in oil prices as well as continued weakness in other commodity prices. Cautious investors weren't roused by a robust rally in the bond market and a sharp decline in commodity prices. Bond prices fell in reaction to the retail-sales report, dragging stocks down. A break in the bond market's recent rally and disappointing earnings reports from several blue-chip companies knocked stock prices down sharply yesterday in active trading. Stock prices followed bond prices down at the outset of trading after the government reported that durable goods orders in December rose 6. said that some weakening of the dollar and a near three-year high in the Commodity Research Bureau price index. The stock market's roughly 30% drop since August, coupled with the dollar's relentless slide has. Stock prices closed mixed Thursday in quiet trading, as blue-chip issues were unable to overcome continued weakness in the dollar. Oil stocks posted gains despite a slight drop in the price of oil. Stock prices plunged in the first hour of trading yesterday on the dollar's drop and waves of program selling. adds that the recent decline in oil prices, as well as the accompanying bond market advance and relatively stable dollar. propelled by a soaring bond market and a stable dollar. Stock prices retreated in what traders said was a consolidation led by year-end tax selling and pressure from rising interest rates and oil prices. He said the retreat in gold prices and a big decline in the Commodity Research Bureau\'s index of commodity prices earlier this week also helped convince investors that inflation worries were overstated. Anxiety about the trade deficit and falling bond and currency markets finally caught up with investors at the end of the day, and a wave of sell programs knocked stock prices down. Canelo said the rise in stock prices in the face of a sharply declining bond market yesterday also was reassuring. "Stocks Plunge Despite Dollar's Gains ---  Industrials Drop 72. He said that lower stock prices, declining commodity prices in the past two days and the rally in the bond market are clear signals "that say the risk of recession is out there. Most gold stocks recovered from their declines in Monday's sell-off. With Treasury bond interest rates falling yesterday, the high yields of these stocks looked all the more attractive to investors. Several retailing stocks fell yesterday, in part because of the lower dollar and in some cases because of third-quarter financial results. Some argue the 28% drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average from its August peak and the sharp retreat in interest rates since the crash have brought stock prices back in line with bond yields. said that for now the stock market is hoping the lower dollar will help improve the U. Most oil stocks were mixed although crude prices continued to weaken. Stock prices fell in moderately active trading yesterday as investors ignored a continued advance in the bond market. The upward move in the dollar late yesterday took some steam out of the stocks of many multinational corporations that benefit from a lower dollar. These stocks posted big gains late last week as the dollar weakened. dollar and weakness in the Tokyo and London stock markets set up the U. Many were surprised that the stock market didn\'t head into a tailspin given the weakness in the dollar and a second consecutive day of rising interest rates in the bond market. With a rebound in the stock market, investors' fears about a recession cooled and the bond market slumped. Sharply higher prices for Treasury bills and bonds and a jump in the dollar provided a sounder footing for the stock market early yesterday. Firmer Bond Prices And Gains for Dollar Are Factors. A big drop in the December bond futures contract, didn't provide any positive support for the stock market early on. The stock market goes into a tailspin for a fundamental reason such as a plunge in the dollar, oil prices skyrocket. Although bond futures ended only slightly lower yesterday, some futures traders said yesterday's stock market slide was partly a delayed reaction to the big drop in bond prices Monday. A late-afternoon advance in the bond market and a few buy programs gave stocks their small lift. yesterday's slide in the bond and stock markets took place despite a healthy advance in the U. Newmont Mining rose 2 to 97 as a Delaware state court judge ordered Consolidated Gold Fields PLC to hold separate -- at least until the next hearing on Thursday -- the approximately 23% of Newmont's shares that it bought late last week to lift its holding to 49. the rally was driven by a firmer dollar and bond market. believes the weakness in the stock market is a direct response to the recent surge in long-term bond yields. Although the dollar's rapid slide in the past few weeks has been cited as the main reason for the jump in interest rates and corresponding slide in stock prices. The change of direction in the stock market coincided with a reversal in the bond market and some weakness in the U. The stock market was sent into a tailspin late yesterday as a drop in the bond market. 'Stocks Regain Some Lost Ground On Firmer Dollar, Bond Rebound. Traders cited a higher dollar and some gains in the bond market as the reasons for yesterday's advance in stocks. The gains in crude prices gave oil stocks a boost. With the help of a higher dollar and a stronger bond market. While the drop in oil prices did nothing for energy-related issues, transportation stocks got a boost. The gains in stocks were achieved despite a moderate drop in the bond market. Gold and mining stocks were mostly higher as precious metals prices rose on the dollar's slide. Some oil stocks moved lower as crude prices fell below $20 a barrel for the first time in almost two months in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Yesterday's advance in the stock market was accompanied for the first time this week with a rally in the bond market. Oil stocks were mixed although crude oil prices rebounded on technical buying and indications of lower U. The drop in oil prices removed the concern about higher inflation from the stock market. The decline came despite gains in many of the oil and oil-related stocks in the average. Gold and mining stocks were mixed although precious metals rose in the futures markets yesterday. Peroni believes such gains in these gold stocks could portend somewhat higher inflation ahead. a stronger dollar and higher bond prices also provided support for the higher stock prices. A sharp rise in crude oil prices amid worries of increased hostilities in the Persian Gulf wiped out all of the gains in the bond market. Stock prices finished higher after a moderately active session, helped along by a slight advance in the dollar and bonds. but foreigners might be able to overlook higher rates and a lower dollar if they believe stock prices will continue to move higher. Some technical selling in bond futures accelerated the declines in bonds and touched off a drop in the stock and index futures markets. The dollar fell and bond prices weakened. Other airline stocks were mixed as oil prices on spot and futures markets surged above $22 a barrel on continuing tensions in the Persian Gulf and signs of reduced U. Bond prices yesterday recovered some of their Monday declines, and the dollar ended slightly higher. Stock prices traded in a narrow range and managed to end slightly higher, boosted by moderate gains in the bond market and a stronger dollar. Stock prices moved higher in active trading yesterday, following the dollar's advance against the Japanese yen. While the recent increase in crude oil prices was mostly unexpected, he doesn't believe the rise in some non-precious metals and other commodities signals the start of a new inflation spiral. Gold and steel issues moved higher, while copper and aluminum stocks didn't participate in the advance. following a higher bond market and a firmer dollar. 'Stocks Advance as Oil Shares Rise On Hopes for Higher Crude Prices. Stock prices moved higher yesterday, taking their cue from a firmer dollar and an advance in the bond market. 'Profit-Taking and a Lower Dollar Wipe Out Early Increase in Stocks. Stock prices ended lower after a moderately active session as profit-taking and a lower dollar took away the market's early gains. the gains in the stocks weren't altered by the dollar's slide yesterday afternoon. Stock prices moved higher on a stronger dollar and higher bond prices. Adding to the stock market's strength was a sharp decline in commodity prices. A firmer dollar and higher bond prices. Although bond prices and the dollar plunged Tuesday on news that Paul Volcker was stepping down and Alan Greenspan would succeed him as Federal Reserve Board chairman. touched off by an upturn in the bond market, helped stock prices finish higher yesterday. Interest-rate sensitive stocks gave up some gains as bond yields moved higher. the rise in the dollar is alleviating concern over higher prices for imports, it looks as if the rise in crude oil prices may have leveled off for now, and many commodity prices are falling. silver and diversified mining stocks continued their slide as precious metals prices fell in the futures markets. Investors trying to choose between stocks and bonds are finding the choice a tough one to make -- the stock market is high, bond yields have been rising and inflation is a wild card. "So it looks like there\'s either going to be a huge bond market rally, or the stock market is going to go down. Oil stocks were mixed after being pummeled in the late sell-off. A rebound in the bond market, a drop in commodity prices and a firmer dollar helped pare the loss. The dollar weakened and commodity prices again moved higher. a lower dollar and another jump in commodity prices sidelined some nervous investors. The commodities pullback yesterday kindled a late bond market rally that gained back nearly half the ground lost on Monday. Grain and other commodity prices soared to one of the largest single-session advances ever, which in turn knocked a powerful stock market rally on its ear in less than 90 minutes. Stock prices declined in sluggish trading as investors mostly ignored news of an April unemployment drop, firmer bond prices and a higher dollar. A decline in the bond market and a slightly weaker dollar throttled any follow-up on Tuesday's big rally. 'Stocks Surge in Broad Rally Fueled By Rises in Dollar and Bond Prices. Expectations of lower interest rates abroad and confirmation that the Federal Reserve has moved to support the dollar added more fuel yesterday to the stock market rally that began Tuesday. A firming dollar and rebounding bond prices touched off a stock market rally yesterday. With the dollar stable and bond prices marching higher. investor nervousness about the falling dollar and badly slumping bond prices is permeating the market. Analysts also attributed the edginess of many stock market investors to the continued weakness of the dollar and fears of higher interest rates and renewed inflation. Bond prices also plunged with increasing speed as the afternoon wore on, despite a flat to slightly firmer dollar against most currencies and repeated Federal Reserve injections of funds into the banking system. "Unless we have a bond market rally of some significance, the competition will continue to erode the stock market. oil prices stable and the dollar falling. A stronger dollar and reports of higher first-quarter earnings lifted many stock prices yesterday in active trading. Stock prices collapsed in the final hour of trading yesterday on rising fears of higher interest rates and a weak dollar. believes that yesterday's rapid decline in stock prices was a reaction to the declines in bond prices and the accompanying rise in interest rates that have already taken place over the past 2 1/2 weeks. Gold stocks soared as precious metals prices moved higher. A big drop in bond prices contributed to the decline in stocks. they expect that the unanticipated sharp decline in the dollar during the first quarter, the rise in oil prices and other higher commodity prices will work miracles for many companies' bottom lines. A last-minute buying spree in blue-chip stocks helped both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index post modest gains yesterday, as investors chose to focus on the firming dollar rather than a spreading bank prime rate increase. Stock prices plummeted yesterday amid growing concerns about an accelerating slide of the dollar and the possibility of higher inflation and interest rates. explained that with buyers walking away from the stock market when the industrial average failed to hold gains above 2300, and with a midafternoon drop in the bond market. The strong gains in most oil stocks gave a boost to the industrial average and the S&P 500-stock index. Oil stocks did move higher on surprising crude oil and heating oil price gains in the futures market that were tied to new indications of OPEC production restraint. Oil prices rose again slightly yesterday after a surge Wednesday, and oil stocks benefited from the increase. A turnaround in world oil prices drove oil company issues higher, and many drug stocks added to their recent gains. Many drug stocks continued to rise because of the lower dollar. Although oil prices edged a bit higher yesterday, oil stock prices were mostly lower. Oil stocks fell on lower crude prices. Crude oil prices edged lower, but most oil stocks posted gains. Stock Market's Surge Is Puzzling Investors, Buyers Large and Small Keep Pouring In Money --- A Bear Cites Plunging Dollar. While the stock market's own momentum in its New Year's drive seemed the major force behind yesterday's gains, the dollar's continuing rapid descent gave an added boost to stocks of multinational companies and some import-sensitive concerns. "Oil Stocks Fuel Industrials' Rise To Another High in Broad Rally. Higher bond prices, a rebound by the recently sagging dollar and lower crude oil and other commodity prices contributed to the rally. 'Stocks Drop on Higher Oil Prices, Weakness in Bonds and the Dollar. Absent higher bond prices or the strength in many blue-chip issues that had pushed the market higher late last week. Yesterday's action discouraged and confused traders because the stock market didn't respond to higher bond prices. Stock prices ended narrowly mixed yesterday after a session dominated by glumness about the insider-trading scandal and nervousness about rising oil prices and the approach of Friday\'s "triple witching hour" expirations. But stock prices began moving higher as the bond market headed upward. Bond market watchers feared that the Federal Reserve would be reluctant to lower interest rates anytime soon if the dollar was weakening. But then prices fell back as the bond market faded and investors briefly took profits after a four-day rally in stocks. Despite declines in the bond market, stock prices again headed upward. A healthy advance in the bond market and several buy programs, contributed to the gains in stock prices. stocks rising again after a pause in August and early September, when the dollar was weakening. Thanks to a rally in the bond market, Thursday's stock market decline didn't stretch into Friday's session. Weakness in the bond market, forestalled stock price advances. Stock prices raced ahead yesterday in a broad and spirited rally stoked by a sharp advance in the bond market. The morning surge resulted from a race by stock traders to catch up with the bond market rally that had started overnight in the European markets on reports that the Bank of Japan was about to cut its discount rate. Stock prices moved higher in active trading yesterday, driven by an unexpected rally in the bond market and continuing frenzied takeover and restructuring speculation. Stock prices edged higher in moderately active trading as investors responded to a firmer bond market, falling oil prices and a variety of takeover rumors. The recently rising dollar, and a drop in crude oil prices gave bond prices a lift. A small lift in the bond market, and a rebound in International Business Machines shares helped fire enthusiasm in the stock-index futures market. Stock prices drifted lower in slow trading, following a slide in the bond market. The stock market started Friday's session with a powerful rally, following a surge in bond prices. said the biggest surprise in yesterday's session was that more stocks didn't lose ground, the dollar weakened. a stronger bond market, a higher dollar and some arbitrage-related buy programs. Stock prices pushed higher again yesterday, bolstered for the second straight session by a rising dollar and stronger bond prices. Traders said chemical stocks were boosted by investor bets on a stronger economy and by a decline in oil prices yesterday. Higher bond prices also helped lift stock prices early yesterday. Bond prices were sharply lower at the opening and sell programs tied to stock-index futures arbitrage pulled stock prices down. Oil stocks moved lower again as crude oil prices fell in the futures market. Sinai says the consumer price index will reflect several developments in the coming months -- higher crude oil prices, a rise in other commodity prices and the impact of a lower dollar on prices of imported goods. The handsome advance in stock prices over the past 12 months was caused in part by investors being willing to overlook poor current earnings performance and focus instead on a future made rosier by low inflation, declining interest rates and falling oil prices. As the commodity markets moved higher and prices fell rapidly in the bond futures and government securities markets in late afternoon. Stock prices fell despite a substantial advance in the bond market. the recent price rise for oil and precious metals hasn't been accompanied by a general jump in commodity prices. Oil stocks have added to the gains they scored last week as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries put in place its new production quotas and oil prices rose. A robust rally in the bond market, which usually would lift stocks. Some strength in the bond market and gains in issues such as airline and technology stocks. 'Many Stock Prices Drop as Rally Fueled by Oil Price Jump Falters. The rally powered by higher oil prices ran out of fuel yesterday as many stock issues drifted lower in moderate trading. Bond prices fell on concerns about this week's Treasury refunding operation and higher oil prices. Strengthening bond prices and lower interest rates helped utility stocks stabilize after their big drop Monday. A slumping bond market and disappointment that last week's stock market rally failed to hold sent stock prices sharply lower in moderate trading. Further weakness in the bond market and continued worries about the strength of the economy and corporate earnings helped send stock prices lower in moderate trading. yesterday\'s decline in stocks was accompanied by a rise in the bond market. The stock market fell back, despite a higher bond market. Oil stocks were mostly lower as prices of oil futures contracts fell sharply yesterday and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries meeting in Yugoslavia broke up without any agreement among members. The sell-off in stocks was paralleled by weakness in the bond market. accompanied by the plunge in the dollar and a sharp oil price drop. Despite lower oil prices, airline and other transportation stocks didn't leap higher. some traders contend stocks can't advance very much while the bond market sputters -- despite the stock market's advance to new highs last week. The continuing weakness in the bond market yesterday didn't affect stocks much. But some traders said profit-takers in the stock market used the weakness in the bond market as an excuse to cash in their chips from the stocks' robust advance in the past week. Analysts said it was encouraging to see the stock market advance even though the bond market continued to slide during the session. Strength in the bond market and lower crude oil prices provided early support. The stock market got an early boost from some strength in bond prices. A sharp plunge in oil prices on the spot and futures market helped fuel the stock market rally. Another analyst noted that despite the strong advance in the bond market and the corresponding drop in interest rates, rate-sensitive utility stocks barely inched higher. Weakness in the bond market yesterday and a less-than-rousing industrial production report didn't give stock investors much to cheer about. Stock prices finished lower yesterday after a quiet session in which investors seemingly ignored some strength in the bond market. said the recent weakness in the bond market, while the still-sluggish economy is causing erosion of the gains in economically sensitive stocks. These rate-sensitive stocks didn't respond to the bond market gains. Oil stocks weakened as some analysts said their recent rally could be over. are disappearing -- higher bond prices and the dramatic drop in crude oil prices. He said the bond market rally since September was fueled first by expectations of major deficit reductions, and then by an unexpected dramatic plunge in the price of crude oil. The bond market will "latch on to a new concept" to continue its rally, and it will take the stock market along for a higher ride. The main ones were a decline in bond prices, a rebound in crude oil prices in the futures market. Despite higher oil prices, oil stocks were mixed. Oil-industry stocks moved higher despite a slight decline in oil prices in the futures markets. Higher energy prices in the futures market as well as the Arco recommendation gave most other oil stocks a lift. The second day of sharp declines in the bond market led to weakness in interest-sensitive stocks. The lower dollar gave a powerful boost to many of the other drug stocks. Major bank stocks were mixed, despite higher bond prices and continued reports of strong first-quarter earnings gains. The bond market didn't stage any explosive rally -- prices ended only slightly higher -- and oil prices. He explained that stock prices still don't fully reflect the declines that have already taken place in long-term bond yields. Renewed Slide in Oil Spur Sharp Increase in Stock Prices. Stock prices rose sharply yesterday, spurred by a powerful bond market rally and a renewed decline in crude oil prices. tumbling more than 20 points by midafternoon as crude oil prices rallied and bond prices weakened. The generally unexpected and steep decline in oil prices gave stocks an additional boost after share prices had sagged in January. Stock prices fell sharply yesterday in a wave of profit-taking that developed after an upturn in oil prices reversed a strong bond market rally. Stock prices ended mixed after a listless trading session, hardly acknowledging a sharp bond market rally. a declining dollar and the bond market rally are seeing rising earnings expectations. oil stocks mostly fell and transportation stocks moved higher. Profit-taking and concern about firming oil prices sent stock prices lower yesterday. The surge was sparked by early strength in oil and technology issues and the continuing bond market rally. A broad range of stock groups closed with strong gains, but it was the advance in oil and oil-related issues that sent the industrial average higher early in the session. A partial recovery in the bond market and buying programs on the New York Stock Exchange gave the blue chips a lift in the final hour of trading. The weakening in bond prices touched off a few sell programs, which accelerated the decline in the stock market. He is concerned because "the stock market is starting to ignore the same good news that has fueled this rally" -- lower interest rates and declining oil prices. But the continued rally in the bond market gave all stocks sensitive to interest rates a big boost. Stock prices rode the coattails of a powerful advance in the bond market and soared to new highs yesterday. The weakness in the stock market at yesterday's opening was exacerbated by higher prices for oil in the spot and futures market. A strong rally in bonds and continued declines in oil prices powered a sharp advance in stock prices. Continued falling oil prices and a strong bond market fueled the advance. A substantial decline in oil prices in the spot and futures markets also gave the stock market a boost. Transportation stocks and issues sensitive to interest rates led the stock market higher as investors continue to mull the consequences of weakening oil prices. Previous declines in oil prices have been greeted as good news by stock investors because lower prices were considered less inflationary. "Oops! Stock Prices Plunge A Record 39 Points In Sharp Turnabout --- Hectic Late Trading Erases New High Set on Tuesday, Effect of 'Sell Programs' --- Bond Market Triggers Drop. The slide in stock prices apparently was set off by a drop in the bond market yesterday morning. The strong rally in the bond market gave these stocks a boost. Financial issues and most interest-rate sensitive stocks were stimulated upward by a strong rally in the bond market. 'Most Stocks End Slightly Higher, But Oil Issues Continue to Decline. said the dramatic drop in crude-oil prices and the continued rally in the bond market "were so overwhelming" that equities buyers were lured back into the market. cheered by the possibility of lower oil prices and by congressional action to reduce the federal deficit, resumed their buying spree and sent stock prices soaring. The prospects of lower oil prices boosted transportation issues and knocked down oil stocks. Stock prices moved lower yesterday as profit-taking and slumping bond prices put the brakes on the stock market's recent advance. Transportation stocks soared on increasing expectations of lower oil prices. Stock prices rose in active trading, spurred by continued declines in the dollar and expectations of lower oil prices. "Stock Prices Increase as Investors Shift Attention to Dollar's Decline. The dollar's decline and some still-lingering demand for stocks of companies with good earnings gave food stocks a boost. Basic-industry stocks should benefit from lower rates and from any decline in the dollar. A sharp decline in the bond market and more bearish predictions about the technology industry sent many investors rushing to take their profits after last week's stock market advance. stocks opened higher and the industrial index ran up about five points following an early surge in the bond market. Analysts and traders said the very reasons that sent the bond market soaring could be holding the stock market down. The bond market's resumed advance provided a boost for stocks because the lower yields available on bonds makes equities look more attractive. He believes that institutional investors don't have enough cash to fuel a sustained rally and that retail investors aren't likely to return to the stock market in force until bond rates dip below 10%. The declining dollar provided a boost for many drug stocks. The weakness in bonds and sharp declines in many oil stocks put a damper on the market. With the bond market continuing Tuesday's rally, stock prices began to move higher right from the opening bell. With the dollar continuing its slide, gold prices moved higher on the spot and futures markets. dollar started a rally in the blue-chip multinational companies Tuesday when the Dow Jones Industrial Average soared more than 21 points. Connolly said yesterday's decline in the dollar triggered the stock market rally. said the banking crisis in Ohio may have precipitated the decline in the dollar and the corresponding rise in gold and other precious metals. The stock market didn't respond to Friday's surge in bond prices. Stock prices drifted downward Friday to finish at the lowest level in six weeks, despite a surge in bond prices. dollar weakened, dragging stock prices down along with them. A drop in crude oil prices gave airline stocks a boost. there was some concern among equity investors that the bond market rally, a prime catalyst for the stock market's advance. Oil stocks were narrowly mixed in response to a rise in crude oil prices in the futures market yesterday. said stock investors' refusal to give in to profit-taking is due in large part to the bond market's strength in the face of the Treasury's massive refunding operations. Sharp gains in oil stocks contributed to the advances in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500. "If it weren\'t for the bond market (rally), stocks would be headed lower right now. Stock prices rose slightly yesterday, but the strength was concentrated in oil issues and some blue chips. 08 despite the late-afternoon rally in stocks and a stronger bond market. Those stocks essentially are a bet not on a stronger economy, a rising bond market and lower interest rates. Stock prices moved higher in moderately active trading, helped along by stronger bond prices and continued speculation about possible takeover candidates. Stock prices moved higher in active trading, spurred by prospects for lower oil prices and congressional action to trim the federal budget deficit. One trader said yesterday\'s market action could be described simply as "oil and anti-oil" -- meaning most companies that would benefit from lower energy costs saw the prices of their stocks move higher. Prospects for higher air fares and lower oil costs gave airline stocks an especially sharp boost. Profit-taking and slumping bond prices sent stock prices lower yesterday. "Stock Prices Finish Mostly Lower In Reaction to Bond Market's Drop. Stock prices ended mostly lower, losing early-morning gains in reaction to a sharp decline in the bond market. A correction yesterday in the dollar's recent sharp rise provided a boost for multinational stocks such as Eastman Kodak. combined with a soaring dollar and more profit-taking by investors, contributed to an early decline in stock prices. A large sell program by a major money manager and weakness in the bond market depressed stock prices in early trading. Stock prices headed for higher ground Friday, helped along by a somewhat stronger bond market. Because the stock market's advance has been matched by continued improvement in the bond market. If interest rates fall further and the dollar weakens as well, earnings could grow explosively for some of the multinationals among the 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor\'s index. Analysts said a slump in Treasury bond prices in the final hour of stock trading added to the slide. The stock market's three-day advance ran out of gas yesterday, led by a broad decline in oil stocks. Slight weakness in the overall stock market yesterday masked sharp declines in some large capitalization stocks and strong gains in some oil issues. Declines in oil prices continue to weigh down oil stocks. The stock market recovered from a sluggish start to climb on the strength of some blue-chips and a firmer bond market. Stronger bond prices, helped boost utilities and other interest-rate sensitive stocks. Some analysts said that belief was reflected by the strength in stocks of some airlines, which would benefit from lower or at least stable oil prices. Stronger bond prices bolstered a blue-chip rally that led stocks higher in fairly active trading. Declines in oil and oil-service stocks pushed the industrials index down in early trading. "may be the road to higher bond prices but it isn\'t the path to higher stock prices because of the earnings disappointments it may cause. said the rise was partly attributable to the recent strength of oil commodity prices. Stock prices fell for the second consecutive session, but their slide was stemmed by strength in the bond market. "The strength in the bond market more than offset sell programs or sell flashes" that were triggered by falling stock prices. who had been hoping for a stronger bond market yesterday to confirm Tuesday's spontaneous rally in stock prices. High interest rates still make bonds tough competition for stocks so investors will be nervous about buying equities until they see more signs of easing rates and a rising bond market. "The stock market can go higher as long as bond rates continue to move lower. Both the stock and bond markets responded favorably to the unexpectedly large drop. Helped by further gains in the bond market, the stock market's blue-chip rally expanded across a broad front yesterday in continued active trading. A blue-chip rally sparked by an upturn in bond prices enabled the stock market to close higher yesterday for the first time in six sessions. contended that a big reason for "the strength in the bond market that spilled over into the stock market is the fact that investors are focusing more on the improvement in inflation and the idea that it\'s less of a problem. Part of the stock market's slide was attributed to the downturn in the bond market. Gold stocks were weakened by a decline in the metal's price. with the bond market rising 5% to 6% while the stock market was falling. Sharply higher bond prices helped the stock market's rally roll into its fourth session yesterday. "When we get a bond market rally and the stock market doesn\'t rally in conjunction with it. "The stock market has taken a tremendous belt by the bond market\'s drop and the rapid increase in rates. Although bond prices rose yesterday, the stock market failed in two rally tries and finished with minor changes in more active trading. " He mentioned the "bond market\'s weakness of the past six to eight weeks" and the fact that "the stock market rally has had very narrow leadership. " But he doesn\'t expect the stock market to mount an extensive advance until "there is a prior or coincident rally" in the bond market. An upturn in bond prices contributed to the stock market's climb. While bond yields grow increasingly more attractive, portfolio managers seem content to continue a tepid romance with equities. "it will exacerbate the decline in the dollar and bond markets and lead to higher longand short-term interest rates. " but he maintains that "any stock market rally would have to be accompanied or followed shortly by a bond market rally. "The decline in the federal funds rate and bond market rally helped fuel the stock market rally. Some of the technology and oil issues sported gains while retail stocks retreated. 200 shares and fell 1 7/8 to 65 1/8, the stock had been bouncing up and down since the announcement early in the week that Standard Oil of California agreed to acquire the company for $80 a share. Some of the oil issues sported gains, chemical and some airline and retail stocks retreated. "We\'re going to have to see further improvement in the bond market and lower bond yields before we\'ll see a better stock market. has invested heavily in oil and bank stocks that pay higher-than-average dividends and could get a boost if interest rates decline. a volatile session lower on Monday while oil prices gave upearly gains and the dollar rose as investors looked for safety,.  the dollar and oil prices fell on Friday while safe havens rose,.  the dollar and oil prices fell on Friday while safe havens rose,.  July 11 (Reuters) - Europe's early stocks rallyfaded and global bond yields rose after jitters over corporateearnings and trade doused an early rally fuelled by enthusiasm,. with energy shares rebounding on the back of crude oil's surge,. LONDON - European shares closed little changed on Tuesday as a decline in banksafter disappointing earnings was countered by gains in oil stocks and a 21 percent,. Gold prices edged lower on Wednesday as a rebound in global equities made,. LONDON - European shares closed little changed on Tuesday as a decline in banksafter disappointing earnings was countered by gains in oil stocks and a 21 percent,. Gold prices edged lower on Wednesday as a rebound in global equities made,. * Stocks hit fresh 6-month high as oil majors climb,.  bond yields rise    * Stocks subdued after Wall St's mixed Friday performance,. GLOBAL -  Gold hit an eight-month high while world stock markets were mixed ahead,.  stocks gave up their gains on Tuesday as energy stocks were weighedby a steep drop in oil prices and as the possibility of a partial government shutdownloomed,.  stocks followed Europe higher on Thursday after investors venturedinto risky bets again with encouragement from some strong earnings and the dollar rose,.  stocks followed Europe higher on Thursday as investors ventured intorisky bets again with some encouragement from earnings and the dollar rose against the,.  stocks rose on Tuesday as Apple led a jump in technology shares anda gain of more than 2 percent in oil prices drove up energy shares,.  with exporterslifted by the yen's weakening against the dollar and technology shares boosted by gains,.  (646) 223-6143)) GLOBAL MARKETS-Upbeat earnings lift stocks as trade fears cap gains and pressure dollar    By Andrew Galbraith,. Oil and metal futures fell sharply and the dollar fadedafter hitting a 13-month high earlier in the day,. SHANGHAI - China's stocks slumped Wednesday after three days of gains and the yuan,.  oil holds gains     * Wall Street rally fizzles as tech stocks drag,.  stocks drop    * Dollar decline gathers momentum after Dudley speech,.  dollar gains    * Stocks climb to record highs as Pyongyang eschews newtests,. Friday and were on track to end the week with a slight gain as adrop in the dollar helped boost slumping oil prices,.  GLOBAL MARKETS/ GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks climb as dollar weakness boosts oil (Updates with close of U,.  GLOBAL MARKETS/ GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks advance as dollar weakness lifts oil (Updates to U,.  but a slide in oil major Royal Dutch Shell and minershurt by tumbling copper prices had earlier in the day put adamper on a key index of global stocks,. The stronger dollar pushed gold lower,. The stronger dollar pushed gold slightly lower,. while crude oil prices and stocks retreated after recent gains,.  Oil prices dipped as a firmer dollar sparkedprofit-taking after three sessions of gains,. while crude oil prices and stocks retreated after recent gains,.  Oil prices dipped as a firmer dollar sparkedprofit-taking after three sessions of gains,.  Treasury debt prices fell asinvestors reduced bond holdings on the rebound in stocks and,.  stocks jump    * Dollar gains amid talk of Fed rate hike,.  stocks jump    * Dollar gains amid talk of Fed rate hike,.  as gains in tech shareswere counteracted by a decline in commodity related stocks in,.  as gains in tech shareswere counteracted by a decline in commodity related stocks in,.  stocks closed lower on Monday as a 3percent drop in oil prices led to a slide in energy stocks,. Brent crude prices rose as strength in stock markets helpedthe global oil benchmark recoup the bulk of its losses from the,. * Gold drops as dollar rises on Greek deal hopes,.  oil jump as dollar weakens    * Euro set for best week in over two years,.  dollar slips on growth worries     * Equities rise after Greece drops debt write-down call,. The stronger dollar also pushed Brent crude toward itssteepest monthly decline since 2012 as the oil benchmark fellbelow $85 a barrel,. The stronger dollar also pushed Brent crude toward itssteepest monthly decline since 2012 as the oil benchmark fellbelow $85 a barrel,. Bond prices fell slightly and gold was lower as Fed Chair,.  bond prices rise    * Gold hits three-week high as Ukraine tensions simmer,.  oil rise as Ukraine tensions spur safe-haven bids    * Stock prices tumble after military intervention in Ukraine,.  oil rise as Ukraine tensions spur safety bids    * Stock prices tumble after military intervention in Ukraine,.  oil rise as Ukraine tensions spur safety bids    * Stock prices tumble after military intervention in Ukraine,.  Gold gains while dollar edges down,. * Gold gains while dollar edges down,. * Gold gains while dollar edges down,. * Gold gains while dollar edges lower,.  yields and dollar rise on outlook on Fed tapering    * Gold down most since start of January,. growth pushed Treasury yields and the dollar lower on Fridaywhile capping stock indexes as investors grew cautious on the,. Gold rose as the rally in the dollar paused and as investors,. Gold rose as the rally in the dollar paused and as investors,. Gold dipped as the dollar rebounded and investors bookedprofits after four days of gains but was on track for itsbiggest weekly advance in nearly two years,.  bond yields rise    * World shares edge higher as investors seek bargains,.  while the dollar rose and gold fell,. Gold fell 1 percent as the stock market rally diminished,.  oil rebound after week's big sell-off     * Shares rebound but on track for worst week since June,.  oil rebound after week's big sell-off     * Global shares rebound but on track for worst week since,.  oil rebound after week's big selloff     * Global shares rebound but post worst week since June 2012,.  crude oil inventories rose more than forecast last weekwhile distillates stocks fell more than expected as refinery,.  crude oil inventories rose more than forecast last weekwhile distillates stocks fell more than expected as refinery,.  crude oil inventories rose more than forecast last weekwhile distillates stocks fell more than expected as refinery,.  crude oil inventories rose more than forecast last weekwhile distillates stocks fell more than expected as refinery,. Gold rose on the poor GDP data and added to gains as itbecame cheaper for investors using currencies other than thedollar to buy,. Gold prices rose on crude oil's gains in response to rising,.  bonds rally    * Commodities jump in relief rally after China GDP data,.  oil prices soared and world stocks rallied o n F ridayafter euro zone leaders agreed on measures to cut soaring,. Gold fell 1 percent as tumbling oil prices and the weak U,. Gold fell as the euro's slide on worries over Spanish debtprompted investors to sell the precious metal along with otherdollar-sensitive commodities,.  March 22 (Reuters) - Oil prices plunged more than2 percent and global stocks retreated from recent highs o n,.  March 22 (Reuters) - Oil prices plunged more than2 percent and global stocks retreated from recent highs on,.  March 22 (Reuters) - Oil prices plunged nearly $2per barrel and global stocks retreated from recent highs on,.  March 22 (Reuters) - Oil prices plunged nearly $2per barrel and global stocks fell for a third consecutive,.  MARKETS GLOBAL/ Dollar gains on jobs data but equities retreat    * Strong U,.  Jan 11 (Reuters) - The euro weakened to anear 16-month low against the dollar and global stocks fell,.  Jan 11 (Reuters) - The euro weakened to anear 16-month low against the dollar and global stocks fell,.  while gold fell nearly $50 anounce in a broad retreat in the commodities sector,. * Gold prices tumble in broad commodities retreat,. Oil prices fell as worries about global economic growth anda stronger dollar reduced appetite for risky assets,. Oil prices fell as worries about global economic growth anda stronger dollar reduced appetite for risky assets,. Energy shares rose with the higher oil prices and provided,.  April 12 (Reuters) - Stocks on majormarkets slumped and some commodity prices fell from recent,. situation in Japan and that high oil prices and high commodity,. situation in Japan and that high oil prices and high commodity,. situation in Japan and that high oil prices and high commodity,. situation in Japan and that high oil prices and high commodity,. situation in Japan and that high oil prices and high commodity,. 51 anounce as the dollar's further slide and a rally in gold,. dollar fell on Friday as oil prices rose on escalating tensions,. dollar fell on Friday as oil prices rose on escalating tensions,.  European stocks turn lower on rising oil prices,. European equities fell on the fears that rising oil prices,.  oil down    * Japan stocks in biggest decline since October 2008,.  oil weakens    * Japan stocks in biggest decline since October 2008,. Higher oil prices hit certain stocks on concerns of higher,. Higher oil prices hit certain stocks on concerns of higher,. Higher oil prices hit certain stocks on concerns of higher,. German bond prices fell as oil prices retreated and after,. German bond prices fell as oil prices retreated and after,. German bond prices fell as oil prices retreated and after,. Market players said the dollar's rise and the partlyrelated drop in commodities this week have been riven byposition unwinding,. * Crude oil prices rebound despite dollar's strength,. Gold rose to a one-week high as the dollar fell sharply,.  stocks rise    * Euro gains nearly 5 pct against dollar since Jan,. Stocks fell around the world and crude oil prices rose,.  gold rose to a record high and silver hit a,.  but a rise in bond yieldsand the dollar limited gains,. Gold tumbled a day after hitting a lifetime high in aprofit-taking frenzy prompted in part by the stronger dollar,. Monday on fears of fresh credit rating downgrades in Europebut global stocks edged higher and a bond rally fizzled ashopes of future rallies in risky assets sparked choppytrading,.  oil down after China rate rise    * Global stocks up on recovery expectations,.  after a 30percent increase in margins and record trading volumecontributed to an abrupt midday decline in stocks and a slidein commodities,. Fed to drop the plan to buy $600 billion of Treasuries spurreda rise in government bond yields and boosted the dollar,. * Oil edges up but gold drops as greenback gains,.  stocks rebound    * Dollar falls broadly after talk of large Fed stimulus,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Absence of firm G20 pact sends dollar lower    * MSCI Asia ex-Japan stocks index still near 28-month high,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks slip as dollar fights higher    * MSCI Asia ex-Japan stocks index still near 28-month high,.  MARKETS GLOBAL RPT-GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian stocks slip as dollar fights higher    * MSCI Asia ex-Japan stocks index still near 28-month high,.  oil surge after strong manufacturing data    * Stocks rally globally on better-than-expected U,.  stocks rise as China data spurs optimism    * Dollar gains vs yen on strong import data from China,.  dollar lower    * Stocks flat on mixed U,. * Oil closes at 3-month high as dollar weakens broadly,.  gold futures ended only slightly higher as gold's initialsharp gains faded during the stock market's steep slide,.  oil fall on recovery doubts   * Global shares rise on banking sector optimism,.  ending achoppy session at a six-week high amid the mixed economic dataand a government inventory report that showed crude oil stocksrose and gasoline stocks fell last week,. * Bond prices rise as stock slide revives safety bid,. Energy shares fell with the drop in crude oil prices,. Energy shares fell with the drop in crude oil prices,.  dollar gains   * World stocks rise 0,.  April 20 (Reuters) - Stocks rose on Tuesday asstrong corporate earnings fueled optimism about the globaleconomy and energy shares rose as the price of crude oil gained,. European energy shares rose with the higher crude oil,. Gold also fell on the stronger dollar,. The higher dollar and lower oil prices sapped energy,. equities retreated and the dollar regained some strength,.  weakness in heavyweight commodity and bankingissues countered gains in selected defensive stocks,. Gold earlier had fallen by 2 percent at one point and crudeoil prices fell below $75 a barrel as the stronger dollar sent,. Most longer-dated euro zone government bond prices rose asweaker equities helped lower risk government debt recover from,.  oil weaken on dollar's strength,. Tuesday driving global stocks down as worries over Dubai's debtproblems hit bank shares and the dollar rose against the euro,. * US stocks edge higher as US dollar halts 3-day advance,. Prices of raw material also fell investors became morecautious and scaled down the recent "risk trade" which consistsof buying stocks and commodities,. Oil prices hovered at break-even after falling for eightconsecutive sessions as gains in stocks worldwide boostedeconomic optimism and countered concerns about brimming,.  global stocks rise before Fed statement    * Global stocks slip as risky bets pared on rising dollar,. The stronger the dollar gets it means investors will beunwinding the dollar carry trade and that's going to put upwardpressure on the dollar and downward pressure on the stocks,.  those expectations inverted on Monday thecorrelation between a rising dollar and falling stocks that hasbeen in place in the past several months,.  dollar pared gains and helped lift commodity prices offtheir session lows,.  oil gains   * Global stocks slide as U,. 14-month lows versus the euro on Monday as global stocks andcrude oil reversed course and fell amid concerns about aneconomic recovery,.  homebuyerswill be phased out helped lift the dollar while investorsscaled back commodity holdings following a rally for rawgoods,.  and a rising dollar meant investorsscaled back commodity holdings after a rally for raw goods,.  dollar gains as stocks falter after Thursday rally,.  dollar gains as stocks falter after Thursday rally,.  stocks rose as rising commodity prices and merger and,. Oil rose above $72 a barrel for the first time this monthas the falling dollar spurred inflation-hedge buying,. Oil fell as dealers took profits from a 5 percent rallyearlier in the week and the dollar rose as investors trimmed,.  MARKETS STOCKS/LOWS US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-S&P 500 futures drop further    * Commodity stocks retreat as U,.  oil gain as retail results boost morale    * Stocks extend last week's rally on risk appetite,. Gold extended gains as the dollar weakened,.  oil tumble on China's big slide    * Global stocks slide amid widespread doubt about recovery,. * Gold jumps to almost $940 an ounce on tumbling dollar,.  gold futures closed higher on the back of oil's rally,. * Oil over $68 after 30 pct jump in May on dollar's slump,. Gold also edged higher as the dollar fell to 5-1/2 month,.  oil slips on profit-taking    * Global stocks slide as data shows recovery yet at hand,.  US dollar gains on gloomy data    * Global stocks slide as data shows recovery yet at hand,.  stocks slip on fears oil's climb may harm recovery,.  stocks bucked the global rise in equities asinvestors worried the fast climb in oil prices may damp an,.  MARKETS STOCKSNEWS STOCKS NEWS US-Wall St falls as rate worries dent recovery hopes    * Oil tops $71 after large drop in U,.  stocks slip on fears oil's climb may harm recovery,. Gold rose in Europe as the dollar weakened and alsobenefited from its appeal as a hedge against potentialinflation on the upturn in crude prices,. Asian shares rose as higher oil and metals prices boosted,. Asian shares rose as higher oil and metals prices boosted,. Stock market gains limited some of the bond rally as equity,. Stock market gains capped some of the bond rally as equity,. The equity surge and an initially weaker dollar also helpedspur oil's gains,.  May 20 (Reuters) - Global stocks jumped to afresh six-month high while the dollar slumped to a five-month,.  gold futures ended lower as a stronger dollar promptedprofit taking,.  dollar rise on consumer sentiment    * Bond auction allays fears of rising interest rates,. 17 -- after oil rose above $65 per barrel on a reportshowing crude oil stocks fell more than expected last week,.  as a slumping dollar helped buildon momentum following this week's lower oil inventory data and,.  stocks traded flat to slightly higher as rising oil,.  oil gains    * Stocks also surge on U,. while the dollar rose against the euro as the slide in equities,.  pulled lower as energy stocks retreated on a decline incrude oil prices to below $50 a barrel and on investors',.  dollar gains    * Better-than-expected JPMorgan results lift stocks,. * Bond prices slide as stock rally dulls safe-have buying,. * Euro rises against dollar as global stocks turn higher,. European stocks rebound on Wednesday as oil prices fell on a,. * Euro rises against dollar after early stock rally,.  dollar rises    * Stocks rally curbs government debt appeal,.  oil gains    * Dollar weakens as Citi news dampens safe-haven appeal,.  gold jumps    * Global stocks edge higher as U,.  gold also fall as higher stocks erode safety bid,.  dollar rose against the yen as the unexpectedsurge in housing starts and firmer stocks helped improveinvestors' sentiment toward riskier investments,.  stocks fell as lower oil hurt energy shares and as,. It's ultimately a continuation of the improvement in riskassets and stocks and this is seeing the the dollar weaken as,.  and oil fell below $50 a barrel on the slumpingequity markets and a stronger dollar,. Oil fell more than 6 percent and copper tumbled 4 percentas a persistently weak demand outlook put a brake on animpressive rally this month in commodity prices,.  bond prices rise    * Stocks rise on glimmer of hope in U,.  oil rebound on bank rescue talk    * Stocks rise on hopes U,. Oil rose on the stock rally and figures showing,.  gold futures turned higher following two down sessionsas deepening losses in the stock market bolstered bullion's,.  oil jumps    * Global stocks slide on U,. The dollar rose broadly and gold extended gains as,. Lower oil prices and a stronger dollar helped depress goldprices,. Lower oil prices and a stronger dollar helped depressgold,.  Jan 29 (Reuters) - Further evidence of worldwideeconomic weakness pushed oil prices and global shares lower on,. The dollar fell against the euro and a basket of currenciesas rising stocks encouraged investors to emerge from the,.  stocks rebound as lower oil seen helping consumers,. Gold ended lower as the dollar's rebound and oil drop ledinvestors to take a breather following bullion's recent rally,. The slide in crude oil prices pulled down shares of energy,.  European stocks surge on rising oil prices    * U,. European shares fell after six straight rising sessions ascommodity shares tracked sharp losses in oil and metal prices,. European shares fell after six straight rising sessions ascommodity shares tracked sharp losses in oil and metal prices,.  stocks surged on Thursdayafter hitting 5-1/2-year lows in a roller-coaster session asinvestors shrugged off dismal economic news to snap up beatendown shares and oil prices rose sharply after falling below $55a barrel,. Oil stocks also weakened as crude prices <CLc1> fell morethan 8 percent,. Oil stocks also weakened as crude prices <CLc1> plunged,.  oil gains    * Stocks surge after U,.  oil slide on economic stress signs    * Global stocks plunge on fears credit crisis will widen,. Gold prices slid as the equities rout sparked a sell-off in,. Gold prices slid as the equities rout sparked a sell-off in,.  commodities fall    * Stocks slide wildly on recession in global sell-off,.  as energy shares rose on higher oil prices,.  dollar gains    * Global stocks rally as U,. The yen fell across the board while the dollar retreatedagainst the euro as the recovery in global stocks promptedinvestors to lock in recent steep gains in the dollar and yen,. Gold prices dropped as a dollar rise and a sharp drop of,. Gold pared earlier gains to slip back below $800 an ounceas the dollar resumed its upward trend against the euro and oilprices slipped more than $2 a barrel,. Gold pared earlier gains to slip back below $800 an ounceas the dollar resumed its upward trend against the euro and oilprices slipped more than $2 a barrel,. Gold retreated from the highs it hit earlier in the sessionafter oil fell sharply,. The gains followed oil's steepest two-day sell-off in fouryears as investors fled to safer havens like bonds and gold,.  with the dollar rising on optimism the plan wouldaid the economy but global stocks falling on uncertainty overits fate,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar rises but bailout doubts spark bond gains    * Global stocks mostly sag as bailout debate continues,.  oil rises    * US stocks jump after Wall Street's worst day in 20 years,. The sell-off in oil prices led the dollar higher against,. * Dollar hits six-week high versus the euro on oil slump,. amid widespread weakness in commodities and rising stocks,. Asian stocks fell to their lowest in more than a year asresource firms were pummeled by the slump in oil and metalsprices to multi-month lows,.  stocks rebound or parelosses and lifting the dollar to a seven-month high against the,. as a rising dollar dampened inflation worries and helped pushoil and other commodities sharply lower,.  A rising dollar and declining oil erased those gains,. Stocks turned higher because lower oil prices are being,. Gold futures turned lower as a rising dollar and decliningoil prices erased bullion's early gains because of heightened,.  stocks appear headed for a lower open on Tuesday as worries about theimpact of the credit crisis on the financial sector overshadowed hopes that arecent drop in oil prices will shore up corporate profits,.  spurred by a rebound infinancial shares after a sharp two-day sell-off and optimismthat declining commodity prices will ease inflation concerns,.  spurred by a rebound infinancial shares after a sharp two-day sell-off and optimismthat declining commodity prices will ease inflation pressures,.  stocks rise as inflation fears ease    * Stocks rise as oil's drop buffs corporate profit outlook,. Silver sank 7 percent and other precious metals plummetedas a dollar rally prompted a widespread sell-off incommodities,. The dollar retreated from seven-month highs against the yenas investors took advantage of a rebound in commodities to takeprofits,. But a firmer euro that dented retail and auto stocks quashedthe early boost from crude oil,. The dollar retreated from seven-month highs against the yenas investors took advantage of a rebound in commodities to takeprofits,. oil prices shot higher from dollar weakness on Tuesday as,. The dollar's rally sparked a rebound in Asian stocks from atwo-year low as the drop in oil prices back below $120 a barrellifted shares of companies sensitive to energy prices,. Gold fell in quiet trading as a dollar rise against theeuro prompted profit-taking,.  energy companies led the S&P 500 higher as oil rose on,. Gold recovered as rising oil prices lifted the preciousmetal from earlier lows,. Gold futures rose on light volume as the rise in crude oiland a drop in the dollar prompted the buying of bullion as analternative investment,. Asian exporter shares fell as oil prices rose and theoutlook for developed economies soured,.  dollar slips on euro    * Stocks surge on big revision to second-quarter U,.  Gold steadied ondollar weakness and oil's strength,. Monday after a wave of concern over mortgage providers' capitaladequacy spoiled an early stocks rally triggered by a plunge incommodity prices led by oil,.  July 8 (Reuters) - Stocks and the dollar shruggedoff recent weakness from credit concerns and moved higher on,.  the slide in equity markets more than offsetmodest gains for heavyweight energy shares on the back ofrecord oil prices,.  but a big drop in oil prices eased the slide in equitymarkets and slowed the flight to the safe-havens of gold andgovernment debt,.  oil's price drop    * Global stocks rally for second day on JPMorgan's results,. second day on Thursday as strong earnings at JPMorgan Chaselifted banking shares and a decline in crude oil overshadowedweak economic data and recent fears of rising inflation,. equities were little changed on Friday as credit concerns stillloomed and oil's slight rise stalled economic optimism afterits slide this week,.  gold futures ended higher as a lower dollar againstthe euro and gains in crude oil prompted buying of bullion asan alternative investment,.  "A stronger dollar shouldcap oil prices and continue to push them down,. Gold eased as the dollar's recovery and weakening oilprices pulled the precious metal from its earlier highs,.  stocks rally as falling oil prices boost sentiment,.  "A stronger dollar shouldcap oil prices and continue to push them down,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Global stocks rise as oil tumbles    * Stocks slump on gloomy U,. * Dollar rises as oil pullback underpins rosier sentiment,.  oil decline help lift stocks    * U,.  a firmer dollar may have reduced theappeal of commodities,. Stocks overnight in Asia rose on a decline in oil prices,.  But dollar gave up some gains on oil's surge,. Stocks overnight in Asia rose on a decline in oil prices,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Global stocks rally even as oil prices surge    * U,. Oil rebounded from sharp initial declines to stand morethan $1 higher at almost $129 a barrel as a rally in naturalgas and refined oil products helped outweigh demand concernsand a firmer dollar,. Crude prices rose above $124 a barrel Md gold came off lowsas the dollar slipped from a three-week high against the euro,. New York gold futures jumped more than 2 percent on crudeoil's rally and the dollar's drop,. The evidence of further labor weakness and an almost 9percent spike in oil prices triggered the decline in the dollar,. Gold rose 3 percent as the dollar weakened further againstthe euro,.  gold futures end higher as investors boosted theirbuying of bullion after crude oil turned sharply higher and thedollar extends losses,.  while a slumping dollar and a forecast ofcrude surging to new heights this summer spurred oil higher,.  Tumbling equitymarkets helped trigger a wider rally in commodities asinvestors took cash out of stocks and shifted to other  assetsto take advantage of inflation,. Oil prices fell sharply as the dollar rose and Nigeriansupply that had been disrupted was expected to resume followingnegotiations with unions to end a strike,.  shares fell and capped their first weekly lossin a month on renewed concern over the outlook for thefinancial sector and the drag from the record high oil,.  stocks drop as crude oil surges to fresh high,. A bullish economic outlook for Germany lifted the euro to aone-month high against the dollar and deflated euro zone bond,.  stocks fell for a second consecutive day and fed aa rally in safe-haven government debt on fears consumer demandwill falter in the face of high oil prices,.  airline shares were higher as crude oil futures <CLc1>fell after setting a record high above $135 a barrel lastweek,. Oil also rose in reaction to further dollar weakness,. driven by soaring oil prices and the dollar's slump,.  and gold drifted lower despitethe dollar's decline,.  Gold bounced back in reaction to a weakeningdollar and rising crude oil prices,.  crude oil futures bounced to a record high above $116a barrel as buyers stepped in after crude futures fell $2 andcame under pressure partly from a rising dollar and amid,. Oil prices rose as jitters over Nigerian oil suppliesoutweighed a rally in the dollar and fears of an economic,. Asian shares shrugged off near-$120 a barrel oil and a weakdollar to resume an equities rally that has recovered all theground lost last month,. Asian shares shrugged off near-$120 a barrel oil and a weakdollar to resume an equities rally that has recovered all theground lost last month,.  oil rose and gold edged higher,.  gold futures ended a hair higher as a sharp drop in agold-backed exchange-traded fund put a damper on bullion'srally on the back of surging crude oil,. A rise in oil marked the sixth straight day of record highsas the dollar sank to new lows and outweighed large increases,. Gold hit a one-week high as the weak dollar and rising oilencouraged investors to venture back into metals,. Gold ended near a one-week peak as a late rally of energyprices offset a stronger dollar,.  mining andmaterials poised to rise as gold trades near a record high and crude oil hoversnear the $100 mark,.  mining andmaterials poised to rise as gold trades near a record high and crude oil hoversnear the $100 mark,.  mining andmaterials poised to rise as gold trades near a record high and crude oil hoversnear the $100 mark,.  mining andmaterials poised to rise as gold trades near a record high and crude oil hoversnear the $100 mark,.  butcontinued worries about high oil prices and a falling dollarhelped propel gold to a new record as investors sought to hedgeagainst inflation,.  and worries about high oil prices and a falling dollar,.  MARKETS GLOBAL GLOBAL MARKETS-Oil's slide prompts mostly stronger dollar    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS] Real-time Equity news [U E],. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,. -listed shares of overseas companies fell on Monday as concern about arise in iron ore prices pushed down global steel makers and a drop in gold andcopper futures sent mining shares tumbling,.  as energycompany shares rose on higher oil prices and positive news inthe technology sector offset worries about the housing andcredit markets,. DOLLAR'S STRENGTH ROBS GOLD OF ITS GAINS,. The dollar's weakness and rising oil prices inspired some,.  buoyedby soaring crude oil prices and the dollar's weakness,.  crude oil's rise to record highs and gold's climb to,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,.  MARKETS STOCKSNEWS STOCKS NEWS US-Airlines soar amid drop in crude oil prices    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS] Real-time Equity news [U E],. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. 1327 ET 30Oct2007-Airline stocks soar on oil price pullback,. Lower interest rates tend to make the dollar lessattractive and often boost gold's safe-haven appeal,. Lower interest rates tend to make the dollar lessattractive and often boost gold's safe-haven appeal,. The skyrocketing price of oil and gold's jump to thehighest level in 27 years have begun to increase fears of,.  gold hits 27-year high (Updates with more on gains in Oracle's stock),. The skyrocketing price of oil and gold's jump to thehighest level in 27 years have begun to increase fears of,.  shares closed higher on gains in oil and,. European shares closed higher on gains in oil and,. crude oil prices push higher and European stock markets rally on hopes U,. Lehman Brothers' decision to boost its price target for Exxonhelped lift the oil giant's shares 0,. Gold hit a one-month high on the dollar's slide to a,. Stocks also got a boost from a nearly $1 drop in oil prices,. The rise in oil also didn't help equities,.  stocks rose into recordterritory and the dollar rallied to a seven-week high againstthe euro after strong employment and factory data indicated the,.  extending a partial recovery from last week's steepsell-off and led higher by merger talk in utilities andstronger oil shares,. in gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift otherglobal equity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domesticnatural gas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helpedpressure the oil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,. in gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift otherglobal equity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domesticnatural gas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helpedpressure the oil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,. in gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift otherglobal equity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domesticnatural gas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helpedpressure the oil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,. in gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift otherglobal equity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domesticnatural gas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helpedpressure the oil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,. in gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift otherglobal equity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domesticnatural gas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helpedpressure the oil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,. gold prices boosted mining stocks and a Wall Street rally helped lift other globalequity market listings,.  crude oil futures fell more than a dollar on Thursday as domestic naturalgas storage data showed a smaller-then-expected draw down and helped pressure theoil complex a day after crude prices had surged above $58,.  Gold dropped 2percent in response to the dollar's strength and a day afterclimbing to nearly a six-month high,. Falling oil also swept gold futures lower,.  as stronger oil priceshelped lift energy companies' shares,.  stocks fell on Monday as rising crude oil prices reignited economicworries and offset early optimism about a proposed $31,.  stocks fell on Monday as rising crude oil prices reignited economicworries and offset early optimism about a proposed $31,.  stocks fell on Monday as rising crude oil prices reignited economicworries and offset early optimism about a proposed $31,. The 10- to 12-session sell-off in oil is unusually sharpand therefore extreme and it has carried one energy stock afteranother down to a level where rebound potential is judged to be,.  stocks rose as a jump in crude oil priceson colder weather lifted shares of big oil companies such as,.  oil prices plunged after data showing a surprisebuild in total distillate supplies along with increases ingasoline and crude oil stocks,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,.  stocks rose on Thursday as crude oil prices fell below $62 a barreland a drop in weekly claims for jobless benefits suggested a healthy labormarket a day before a key unemployment report,. But by midday stocks gave up most of their earlier gains tostand little changed as crude oil prices fell further,.  stocks fell as a sharp rise in crude oil pricesoffset the stronger-than-expected economic data,.  gold futures rallied above $650 an ounce as astruggling dollar and rising energy prices prompted investorsto buy after the yellow metal fell in the previous two,.  Treasury bond prices rose and the dollar fell on a,. European stocks ended Tuesday's session down but off theirone-week intraday lows as sinking oil and mining stocksweighed on the market after crude fell to $59 a barrel andcopper prices dropped,.  trade as falling oil pricesand a stronger dollar reduced the need for inflation,. Gold rose and crude oil futures jumped above $61 a barrelafter a surprising decline in crude supplies,.  but energy company shares rose on abig jump in oil prices,.  the Dow and the S&P 500 finishedwith modest gains as sharply higher oil prices prompted,.  stocks rise as crude oil prices drop,.  stocks rise as crude oil prices drop    By Emily Chasan,.  stocks rose on Monday asa brighter corporate profit picture and a steep drop in oil,. The blue-chip Dow average got a lift from a slide in oil,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS] Real-time Equity news [U E] [RESF/US],.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  stocks rise as crude oil simmers down,.  Gold prices <XAU=> also fell below $600 anounce for the first time in more than two months as investorsweighed bullion's prospects in the face of lower oil prices,.  Gold prices <XAU=> also fell below $600 anounce for the first time in more than two months as investorsweighed bullion's prospects in the face of lower oil prices,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  Shares ofthe other metals followed suit with silver down 7 percent and copper down 3,.  reversing the morning's decline on supportfrom the dollar's weakness and a rebound in oil prices,.  Theafter-hours surge in gold was related to the dollar's slide,.  stocks fell on worriesabout slower economic growth and rising oil prices on,.  stocks rose on Thursdayas a sharp drop in crude oil prices overshadowed news about a,.  stocks rose on Thursdayas a sharp drop in crude oil prices overshadowed news about a,.  stocks rose on Thursdayas a 3 percent drop in crude oil prices helped investors,. energy stocks fell on lower oil prices,. Gold shot higher as the dollar fell,.  stock prices were supported by gains in the shares ofenergy companies after crude oil futures rose more than $1 amid,. European stocks climbed to their highest level in fiveweeks on strength in the oil sector that tracked higher oil,. stocks fell on Wednesday and the dollar rose against major,.  stocks rose on Tuesday  after a sharp drop in crude oil prices helpedspark a late afternoon rebound and let investors focus on strong earnings from,.  MARKETS STOCKSNEWS STOCKS NEWS US-US stocks gain as oil drops and earnings rise (Updates to close of U,.  stocks finished higher in alate rebound driven by cheaper oil and stronger earnings,. Gold futures fell in spite of the dollar's weakness,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,. gains on Wednesday as a more than 2 percent drop in crude oil prices draggeddown shares of major energy companies,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,.  stocks mostly dipped in late trading on Wednesday as a drop of morethan 2 percent in crude oil prices dragged down shares of major energy,.  stocks declined as a drop in the shares ofmajor oil companies offset an early rally triggered by a,.  stocks declined as a drop in the shares ofmajor oil companies offset an early rally triggered by a,.  oil rose and gold fell,.  though gains in energy shares gave stocksa modest lift as crude oil rose above $72 a barrel,. Falling crude oil prices dragged down shares of major,. pointed to a lower market open on Monday as inflation jitterskept investors cautious and sharp declines in commodity marketsthreatened to hurt energy and mining shares,. pointed to a lower market open on Monday as inflation jitterskept investors cautious and sharp declines in commodity marketsthreatened to hurt energy and mining shares,.  while a commodity rout threatened to push down energy andmining shares,.  while a commodity rout threatened to push down energy andmining shares,. changed on Monday as investors stayed cautious ahead ofinflation data set for this week while declines in oil andmetal prices pushed energy and mining stocks lower,. changed on Monday as investors stayed cautious ahead ofinflation data set for this week while declines in oil andmetal prices pushed energy and mining stocks lower,. com)) US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise (Updates prices),. com)) US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS]  Real-time Equity news [U E]   [RESF/US],. 0920 EDT 23May2006 RTRS-US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise,. net STOCKS NEWS US-US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS]  Real-time Equity news [U E]   [RESF/US],.  stocks rise as commodity prices rebound,. 0920 EDT 23May2006 -US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise,.  stocks rise as commodity prices rebound    Stocks on the move [HOT-RTRS]  Real-time Equity news [U E]   [RESF/US],.  stocks rise as commodity prices rebound,. 0920 EDT 23May2006 -US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise,.  stocks rise as commodity prices rebound,. 0920 EDT 23May2006 -US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise,.  stocks rise as commodity prices rebound,. 0920 EDT 23May2006 -US stocks seen opening higher as commodities rise,.  stocks end higher as commodity prices plunge (Updates to close),.  stocks end higher as commodity prices plunge    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                      Results diary,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. net STOCKS NEWS US-Stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                      Results diary,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,. 1527 EDT 04Apr2006-US stocks rise on lower oil and Fed comments,.  a drop in crude oil prices and a decline in bond yields,.  stocks rose on Tuesdayas crude oil prices fell nearly 1 percent and the dollardropped to two-month lows,.  after oilcompanies' shares fell along with a drop in oil prices,. com)) Dow hits 5-year high but oil's drop hinders S&P 500 (Updates to early afternoon),. com)) Dow hits 5-year high but oil's drop hinders S&P 500 (Updates to close),.  stocks end down after jump in bond yields,. Treasury note's yield to a 21-month high will mean higher interest rates aheadand energy shares slid after crude oil prices fell nearly 2 percent,. Treasury bond market was signaling higher interest rates ahead and energyshares slipped on a drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks end down after jump in bond yields,. Treasury note's yield to a 21-month high will mean higher interest rates aheadand energy shares slid after crude oil prices fell nearly 2 percent,. Treasury bond market was signaling higher interest rates ahead and energyshares slipped on a drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks end down after jump in bond yields,. Treasury note's yield to a 21-month high will mean higher interest rates aheadand energy shares slid after crude oil prices fell nearly 2 percent,. Treasury bond market was signaling higher interest rates ahead and energyshares slipped on a drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks end down after jump in bond yields,. Treasury note's yield to a 21-month high will mean higher interest rates aheadand energy shares slid after crude oil prices fell nearly 2 percent,. Treasury bond market was signaling higher interest rates ahead and energyshares slipped on a drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks end down after jump in bond yields,. Treasury note's yield to a 21-month high will mean higher interest rates aheadand energy shares slid after crude oil prices fell nearly 2 percent,. Treasury bond market was signaling higher interest rates ahead and energyshares slipped on a drop in crude oil prices,.  while the dollar's strength pushed gold lower,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,.  stocks rose on Monday as a wave of merger and acquisition activity andthe recent decline in oil's price were greeted by investors as positive forstocks,. Overseas shares traded in the United States edged lower on Monday asdeclines in the pharmaceutical sector offset gains in oil companies' stocks,. Overseas shares traded in the United States edged lower on Monday asdeclines in the pharmaceutical sector offset gains in oil companies' stocks,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks ended lower on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks ended lower on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks ended lower on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks ended lower on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,.  stocks ended lower on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil,.  stocks fell on Tuesday as a $2-a-barrel drop in crude oil prices,. net STOCKS NEWS US-NY gold rises to 11-day high early    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                     Results diary,.  stocks edged higher  on Wednesday as a jump in crude oil,.  stocks edged higher  on Wednesday as a jump in crude oil,.  stocks edged higher  on Wednesday as a jump in crude oil,. but bonds rose and the dollar touched a two-year high against theeuro as oil held below $60 a barrel,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                      Results diary,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                      Results diary,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks end lower as oil jumps by nearly $2/bbl,.  stocks fell and gold hit a 17-year high as,.  stocks edged higher on Tuesday after a drop in oil prices,.  stocks edged higher on Tuesday after a drop in oil prices,.  stocks edged higher on Tuesday after a drop in oil prices,.  stocks ended broadly lower on Thursday as crude oil stageda late rebound and reignited worry that energy costs will crimp consumer,.  stocks ended broadly lower on Thursday as crude oil stageda late rebound and reignited worry that energy costs will crimp consumer,.  stocks ended broadly lower on Thursday as crude oil stageda late rebound and reignited worry that energy costs will crimp consumer,.  stocks ended broadly lower on Thursday as crude oil stageda late rebound and reignited worry that energy costs will crimp consumer,.  stocks ended broadly lower on Thursday as crude oil stageda late rebound and reignited worry that energy costs will crimp consumer,. 1416 EDT 24Aug2005 -US stocks rise on homes data but oil limits gains,. Bridge users please click [nN24604553] STOCKS NEWS US-Stocks rise on homes data but oil limits gains    STOCKS NEWS                    Reuters                      Results diary,. 1416 EDT 24Aug2005 -US stocks rise on homes data but oil limits gains,. 1416 EDT 24Aug2005 -US stocks rise on homes data but oil limits gains,. 1416 EDT 24Aug2005 -US stocks rise on homes data but oil limits gains,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,. 1209 EDT 14Jul2005 - NY gold drops to 5-week low as dollar rises,.  stocks rose on Fridayafter energy shares benefited from a jump of more than $1 abarrel in the price of oil,.  but a rise inthe price of oil to above $55 a barrel curbed stock gains,. GOLD PRICES RISE DESPITE DOLLAR STRENGTH,. Gold rose above $430 an ounce as the dollar fell,. European shares hit a 3-year high on Friday with big oilcompanies' stocks rising as crude oil prices surged,.  dollar rally as oil drops (Updates with U,. The dollar's rally forced a drop in gold prices,. European shares rose as oil prices slumped to a seven-week,. The tumble in crude oil prices -- after a government reportshowed a jump in inventories -- turned the stock market aroundfrom an early sell-off sparked by weak durable goods data,.  gold rose as the dollar fell and crude oilticked up 21 cents,. bonds and the dollar down and gold up on Friday as concernsgrew over the risk of higher inflation and more aggressive ratehikes,.  gold moved lower and crude oil fell on expectations,. But worries about higher inflation and lofty oil priceslimited the stock market's climb,. Rising oil prices helped drive stock indexes to a lower,.  and the drop in crude oil priceshelped stock indexes extend their gains,.  and the drop in crude oil priceshelped stock indexes extend their gains,. The dollar's rally helped stocks as it offset concerns thatthe currency's decline may drive foreign investors away from,. Monday as a sharp drop in oil prices knocked down shares of,. The decline in oil did push down shares of energy-related,. Monday as a sharp drop in oil prices knocked down shares of,. The decline in oil did push down shares of energy-related,.  But the jump incrude oil prices quickly reined in stocks' gains,.  But the jump incrude oil prices quickly reined in stocks' gains,.  Gold scaled fresh 16-1/4-year highswhile oil prices rose after a four-day slide,.  Gold scaled fresh 16-1/4-year highswhile oil prices rose after a four-day slide,. Wednesday as a surge in technology stocks helped equitiesshrug off another rise in oil prices in thin trade before the,. Wednesday as a surge in technology stocks helped equitiesshrug off another rise in oil prices in thin trade before the,. Treasury prices fell as stocks rebounded but losses werecontained by soaring oil and jitters surrounding next week's,. Bond prices rose and the dollar weakened,. The drop in oil prices helped push the stock market higher,.  shares rebounded from fresh 2004 lows earlier toclose higher as heavily weighted oil stocks rose on takeover,.  while the dollar rallied on rising hopes for morerate increases and oil ended near $42 a barrel,.  higher oil pricesgenerally depress stocks as they push costs up for companiesand erode their profits,. The dollar weakened against the euro as surging oil pricesclouded the outlook for economic recovery despite the upbeat,. The dollar fell and gold rose as investors sought refuge,.  stocks fell as the rise in oil to $40 for the firsttime since 1990 and the surge in jobs growth left investors,.  Treasury prices edged higher after news that anupcoming monthly two-year note auction would be a bit smallerthan expected and as stocks slipped on higher oil price fears,.  stocks end sharply higher as oil prices drop    By Bernard Orr,. Gold fell to a two-week low as the rising dollar drewcapital from precious metals and investment funds took profits,. Oil futures rose sharply after a government report showed abig drop in crude imports and stocks of refined petroleum,. Gold and silver got a lift from a jump in jobless claims,.  stocks and the dollar rose on Monday after manufacturingdata indicated a hiring rebound may be on the horizon,. Gold fell more than 3 percent as a firming dollar spookedspeculators whose earlier buying helped pushed the preciousmetal to 15-year highs last week,. European stock markets ended just below their 2003 highsas fresh signs that an economic recovery is on track offsetconcern over the impact of a weakening dollar on exportrevenues,. The dollar's weakness helped gold bounce back from Monday'ssharp decline,. Oil ended slightly higher and gold rose after the,. Oil ended slightly higher and gold rose after the,.  Gold bucked a stronger dollar and rose on speculative,. Gold prices fell to a four-week low as speculators used thedollar's rise against the euro and the stock market's gains as,. Gold prices on the Commodity Exchange fell to a one-monthlow in the downdraft of a weakening euro against the dollar,. The dollar ended mixed against major currencies and oilprices rose as a storm threatened oil and gas facilities in the,. The dollar eked out small gains and gold fell to four-week,. COMEX gold slumped as funds ditched the protection ofprecious metals to chase rebounding stocks and more upbeat,. COMEX gold slumped as funds ditched the protection ofprecious metals to chase rebounding stocks and more upbeat,. Gold prices fell as the dollar shot higher andbargain-minded money managers ditched the safe-haven metal and,. The Dow is down because (Dow stocks) are mostly industrialcompanies and will be affected by higher oil prices or a,. The crude gains initially helped oil stocks but the sectorturned lower as the broader market extended its losses after,. The crude gains initially helped oil stocks but the sectorturned lower as the broader market extended its losses after,. while the dollar fell and the long bond rose as upbeat earnings,.  when the dollar advances, the central bank lets the yuan weaken against it while keeping it largely stable against the basket,. The real test will come for China's yuan and its exchange-rate policy when the market starts to price in more aggressive Fed rate increases and the dollar resumes its upward march,.  which suffered partly because of falling commodity prices and a stronger dollar,.  A further decline in the dollar could help extend a rebound in stocks,.  Dollar gains helped push down commodity prices,.  Energy stocks led the broader market higher in light holiday trading last week as oil prices recovered slightly,. Falling oil prices have hurt energy-company results and the strong dollar has reduced multinationals' profits,. But the sharp depreciations in emerging-market currencies and declines in commodity prices in recent weeks have triggered an exodus from emerging markets and fueled fears among investors over these companies' ability to repay their dollar debt,. Energy and materials stocks have slumped amid a downturn in commodity prices, while rising bond yields have dented high-dividend payers like utilities,. Many of the forces that hobbled companies in early 2015 -- from slumping oil prices and the soaring dollar to the severe winter and the West Coast port dispute -- have ebbed or reversed in recent months,.  Assuming oil prices don't make another move down, S&P 500 earnings could grow by 5% this year,. The fallout from the 2014 run-up in the sector is visible in the shares of airlines, which rose sharply in the second half of last year as oil prices fell,.  The dollar's surge during the first three months of the year was fueled by aggressive economic-stimulus efforts from the European Central Bank, which drove down eurozone bond yields,. A decline in the dollar could lessen those headwinds, as well as contain downward pressure on oil prices and provide relief for the battered energy sector,.  citing the dollar's strength as a key factor, are predicting that profits at S&P 500 firms for the first quarter will show their biggest annual decline since the third quarter of 2009,.  due in part to a stronger dollar, hit by lower oil prices,. Money managers are homing in on consumer-focused stocks following a sharp decline in oil prices that stands to improve U,. The decline in bond yields has been a key reason strategists say they underestimated the potential for stocks to move higher,. Shares are climbing across Asia, and prices for industrial commodities such as copper and iron ore have bounced back amid signs that China's economy is revving up,. Investors are suffering mounting losses as a decadelong rise in commodity prices unravels amid slowing emerging-markets economies, rising supplies of oil and metals and the eventual end of central-bank stimulus policies that propped up prices for raw materials,. Outsize gains in stocks compared with commodities have raised some questions about the state of the recovery,. Japanese stocks rose sharply early Monday as the yen weakened against the dollar,. A continued swift rise in bond yields could mean a continued retreat from dividend-paying stocks as investors decide they are getting a better deal in safe government debt,.  Romney by betting on a decline in gold prices and a rise in the dollar,.  There are signs of softness in demand for commodities in Asia, and rising oil prices could cut into U,.  the fund is positioned for higher gold prices, stronger Asian emerging-market currencies and lower yields across high-quality government bond markets,.  and they fear high oil prices and inflation from other commodities may quash the nascent recovery and weigh on the market,.  with oil and stocks ticking higher and higher because many investors saw them as proxies for an economic recovery,.  when the auto maker reported that rising costs of commodities such as steel and oil helped drag down its fourth-quarter profit,.  meaning the dollar was almost always falling when stocks were rising,.  with gold mostly falling as stocks rise,.  is what helped stocks rally last week despite spreading political turmoil in the Middle East, sustained higher oil prices,.  The recent rally for gold and misery for the dollar also suggest inflation expectations are rising,. "We are here to state categorically that rising oil prices have nothing whatsoever to do with rising equities,.  a rising yuan could boost other Asian currencies, lift commodity prices and hurt U,.  The fears sparked a rebound for the dollar and a decline for oil and metals prices,.  gold fell 4% and the dollar rose 3% -- following the pattern investors had come to rely on,. Prices for the precious metal in other currencies are rising to all-time highs -- a factor both of a rising gold price and a higher dollar,.  gasoline and other commodity prices started falling in July, stock investors celebrated in hopes that the lower prices would boost consumer spending and speed recovery,.  a drop in oil prices and a rebound by the dollar, are fueling a surge in stocks,. It also holds large amounts of gold and other hedges against stock declines,.  sending the dollar sharply lower and oil prices flying higher,.  Giving Stocks a Lift --- Verizon, Vodafone Jump on Deal News As Oil Shares Rise,. Stocks rose as oil futures retreated from a record around $135 a barrel,. Stocks rose as relatively benign inflation data and a decline in oil prices helped price-sensitive retailers such as Macy's and hurt energy companies such as Range Resources,. Stocks plunged Wednesday and the Dow Jones Industrial Average recorded its biggest two-session drop since the end of February after the Federal Reserve warned that inflation concern would likely preclude another interest-rate cut and oil closed above $133 a barrel,.  some of that pessimism was pared by a continued rise in energy stocks, driven higher by another high in oil prices,. Airline stocks closed mostly lower, weighed down by the gain in oil,.  The dollar's strength weighed down oil,. With oil on the decline, investors bought many of the stocks that had been in free fall when oil was climbing to record levels,.  a long downturn in the dollar and the upward march of overseas shares toward values similar to those in the U,. Despite the price of oil declining, several airline stocks fell Friday on the impact of flight cancellations for spot safety checks,.  while rising oil prices deflated airline stocks,.  energy and materials stocks continued to surge, silver and copper all trading higher as the dollar weakened,. One of the only areas with upward momentum in financial markets this year was materials and materials stocks, but gold fell $59 an ounce, oil retreated 4,.  the stock market has reacted positively to higher commodity prices on the theory that it will boost profits of energy and materials companies,. Stocks bounced higher as International Business Machines revived hopes that overseas markets would soften the blow of a domestic slowdown for big tech stocks and other multinationals,.  He hopes to take advantage of rising oil prices and protect clients from a weakening dollar, since the price of oil and other commodities tend to rise when the dollar declines,. With a rebound in the stock market, investors' fears about a recession cooled and the bond market slumped,.  the market waffled because of weakness in transportation stocks and a downturn in the bond market,.  Last week's stock slide began Tuesday when the dollar fell close to a three-year low against the yen on news of a record trade deficit in July and the Bank of Japan's refusal to ease monetary policy,. Financial issues and most interest-rate sensitive stocks were stimulated upward by a strong rally in the bond market,.  adds that the recent decline in oil prices, as well as the accompanying bond market advance and relatively stable dollar,. Bond prices advanced despite the mixed economic signals provided by the reports, and stocks eventually followed suit by rebounding from mid-session lows and turning higher in the final hour,. The gains in stocks were achieved despite a moderate drop in the bond market,.  stocks fell victim to renewed weakness in the dollar and a corresponding slump in bonds,. The stock market took off at midsession on a sudden surge in the dollar and posted its sharpest advance in more than three months,.  The advance was bolstered by gains in the bond market, which took the report as a sign that the Federal Reserve may not have to tighten credit to boost the dollar,. Higher oil prices, and strong earnings reports in selected stocks also contributed to the market's rise,.  He said the stock market's early summer rally stalled largely because a rising dollar failed to attract the foreign investment that people had hoped for,. Some traders attributed the afternoon stock rally to a rise in the dollar,. "Stocks Plunge Despite Dollar's Gains ---  Industrials Drop 72,.  He said that lower stock prices, declining commodity prices in the past two days and the rally in the bond market are clear signals "that say the risk of recession is out there,. Traders said a rebound of more than 3/8-point in the 30-year Treasury bond and moderate gains in tobacco stocks helped to stabilize the stock market yesterday,.  An unexpectedly sharp rise in the CPI could easily push bond yields higher, and knock stocks lower,. An upturn in bond prices contributed to the stock market's climb,. Bond prices yesterday recovered some of their Monday declines, and the dollar ended slightly higher,.  The generally unexpected and steep decline in oil prices gave stocks an additional boost after share prices had sagged in January,.  The firming bond prices started stocks climbing,. Stocks rose as the dollar remained stable,. Oil company stocks -- many of which have large natural gas reserves -- also rose,.  stocks rising again after a pause in August and early September, when the dollar was weakening,.  reflecting an advance in stocks beyond the upper limit of their recent trading range and a downturn in bond prices,.  Bond prices were sharply lower at the opening and sell programs tied to stock-index futures arbitrage pulled stock prices down,. NEW YORK -- Although the stock market rebounded from an early sell-off tied to a slump in the dollar,.  said a reversal of the dollar's recent downturn is necessary for stocks to move higher before next Tuesday's presidential election,. Part of the stock market's slide was attributed to the downturn in the bond market,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as some late bargain-hunting blunted the impact of an early sell-off, sparked by a surge in oil prices and further evidence of weakness in the economy,.  but higher interest rates and a jump in oil prices curbed some investors' enthusiasm for stocks,. Traders said stock prices initially slumped yesterday morning as oil prices soared after last weekend's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to renew its efforts to seek cooperation from nonmember producers,. Oil stocks generally moved higher in response to the advance in oil prices,.  The change of direction in the stock market coincided with a reversal in the bond market and some weakness in the U,. Bond prices tumbled amid growing pessimism about lower rates and a stalling of the dollar's recent rally,.  are disappearing -- higher bond prices and the dramatic drop in crude oil prices,. He said the bond market rally since September was fueled first by expectations of major deficit reductions, and then by an unexpected dramatic plunge in the price of crude oil,.  The bond market will "latch on to a new concept" to continue its rally, and it will take the stock market along for a higher ride,. The weakness in bonds and sharp declines in many oil stocks put a damper on the market,. NEW YORK -- Stocks soared to a record as investors shrugged off a poor economic reading and instead focused on continued strength in the bond market,. Another factor cited was the strength of the bond market, despite a further rise in commodity prices,.  the real bedrock of the stock market rally was the dollar's surprising strength in the first half,.  The report caused oil prices to jump, deflated an early rally in the bond market and caused the industrial average to skid about 14 points at the opening bell,. The stock market started Friday's session with a powerful rally, following a surge in bond prices,. 'Blue-Chip Stocks Close Down On Session-Long Bond Weakness,.  But many market analysts view the period from the late 1960s through the 1970s as an extended period of stock weakness, soaring oil prices and U,. Stocks shot higher at the opening bell, largely on the strength of a soaring bond market and buying from short-term traders looking for quick profits,. NEW YORK -- Lower oil prices and interest rates helped push stock prices higher,.  but other precious-metals stocks continued to decline in response to lower gold prices,. Oil stocks posted gains despite a slight drop in the price of oil,. But disappointment that the Federal Reserve didn't push rates lower in response to the data caught up with stocks, abrupt slide in bond prices at midday sparked selling in the stock-index futures market,.  Peroni believes such gains in these gold stocks could portend somewhat higher inflation ahead,. With Treasury bond interest rates falling yesterday, the high yields of these stocks looked all the more attractive to investors,.  The stock market goes into a tailspin for a fundamental reason such as a plunge in the dollar, oil prices skyrocket,. " but he maintains that "any stock market rally would have to be accompanied or followed shortly by a bond market rally,.  The recovery in oil prices triggered a sell-off in the jittery stock market,. Some strength in the bond market and gains in issues such as airline and technology stocks,. That stock prices could rise in the face of rising oil prices betrays an underlying desire to move stock prices higher still,.  Burnett noted that the dollar also weakened today, which added to the weakness in stocks and bonds,. " He said he expects yields in the bond market to come back down over the next few weeks and for the stock market to stage a concurrent advance,.  Firmer Bond Prices And Gains for Dollar Are Factors,. Stocks were mixed, as a drop in oil prices helped offset a soft sales report from Wal-Mart Stores,. "We\'ve got oil moving lower still, other commodities selling off and bonds rising,. Stocks started out well as the price of oil fell and ended up building on those gains in a bit of a delayed reaction to the midafternoon release of minutes from the Federal Reserve\'s most recent meeting,.  the dollar turned down earlier this year as gold continued rising -- until gold turned down,. "Dollar's Slide Could Roil Stocks --- Importer Shares Might Take Hit, Slower Foreign Demand May Put Dent in Bond Prices Too,. A falling dollar could mean bad news for the bond market because it can lead to inflation and higher interest rates,.  `Is the selling in the 10-year bond going to follow through and take yields higher?\' " Crude oil prices also rose,.  slowing profit growth and high oil prices, investors are still bullish about the stock market and willing to accept greater potential volatility -- rather than sticking with the tried-and-true dividend-paying shares -- in the belief they will receive higher returns,. Stocks rose, beating back the headwinds of higher bond yields and disappointing reports from General Electric and Advanced Micro Devices,. "The S&P 500 closing above 1300 on Wednesday and the strong rally in the bond market as a result of the favorable consumer-price index helped propel most of the market higher,. Wall Street was given the gift of lower oil prices, but an early stocks rally faded as the session progressed,. Stocks ended with mixed results, as higher oil prices took some of the wind out of the market's sails,.  Gold prices usually rise with inflation, something stock investors don't like,.  He thinks oil prices will head back up and interest rates will keep rising, hurting economic growth and knocking blue-chip stocks down 15% from here,.  Some fund managers say a stronger dollar could increase stock prices by helping squelch inflationary pressures,.  interest-rate increases have pushed utilities stocks down because such reliable dividend payers long have been used as a bond substitute by income-seeking investors,.  The higher stock prices also have pushed down their dividend yields -- the amount of income they produce per dollar invested,.  Utility stocks last soared in 2000, as investors fell in love with companies that traded energy like other commodities,.  Oil Prices and Fed Rate Increases Mar Once-Bright Hopes of a Stock Surge,. NEW YORK -- As shares slumped on oil's price jump,. Stocks fell as the price of oil rose to a record,. On top of high oil prices, a report showing a drop in durable-goods orders weighed on economically sensitive stocks such as Dow-industrial component Caterpillar,. A rise in oil prices and a late-session selloff in shares of Merck trimmed early-session index gains,.  Optimistic investors believe that corporate profits will be so strong that they will permit stocks to rise despite worries about interest rates, oil and seasonal weakness,.  Home Depot Pace Blue Chips' Gains --- Stocks Soar as Oil Declines,. Stocks fell but finished well off their lows, although the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and a record close in oil prices took down shares such as Wal-Mart Stores and American Airlines' parent AMR,.  Humana Record Gains --- Stocks End Session Mixed As Oil Hits Record High,. With stocks up almost without a break since late April and looking vulnerable to a pullback, China's announcement that it was letting its currency float slightly upward against the dollar sent a shock through U,. Stocks were down early on, but rose as the price of oil fell and closed below $57 a barrel for the first time this month,. Stocks fell as the price of oil hit a record high,.  Protein Design Labs Gain --- Stocks End Mixed, Aided By Decline In Oil Prices,. A rise in the price of oil didn't hold stocks back,. Stocks had a robust session as the price of oil fell and consumer confidence rose,. Stocks ended slightly lower as the market held its own against a fresh high in oil and disappointing outlooks from Nike,. Stocks slumped as the price of oil hit a record high and investors reacted with disappointment to earnings and outlooks from FedEx,.  together with rising oil prices and fears of terrorism, that held stocks down for most of the year,. Stocks ended mixed as investors largely withstood a big rise in the price of oil and turned their attention to positive earnings reports from companies like Genentech,.  stocks actually finished higher on Thursday, and gold finished lower,. Stocks fell as the price of oil hit a fresh high in a session that featured acquisition-related activity involving PacifiCare Health Systems,.  stocks did rise sharply in 1995 despite a series of Fed rate increases that caused serious trouble in the bond market,.  a time of high oil prices and world tensions that followed years of stock strength,.  stocks ended the session lower as the specter of higher oil prices combined with caution ahead of Cisco Systems' earnings and more concerns over American International Group sent investors scurrying to the sidelines,.  Boeing Help Stocks Climb --- Major Indexes Post Gains On a Drop in Price of Oil,. Stocks rose as the price of oil fell almost 5%,. Stocks reversed their downward course when the price of oil pulled back after hitting a record high intraday,.  Stocks --- With High Price-Earnings Ratio And Expected Rise in Bond Yields,. Stocks were stronger during the session, but fell back in the last hour of trading as investors moved their focus away from oil,. Strength from Boeing and Wal-Mart Stores and relief in the oil market helped stocks recover from early declines,. Stocks finished lower as a new four-month high for crude oil quashed a rally on encouraging comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan,.  Walt Disney and American International Group were among the session's attention-getters on a day that stocks fell as oil rose,.  Most economists who predict higher stock returns assume higher GDP growth as well,. The market rose despite a jump in the price of oil and a weaker dollar,. The market didn't give up very much of its gains from last week in part because investors were encouraged by a drop in the price of crude oil and a strengthened dollar,.  Stocks didn't get going until October, around the time oil prices peaked and fell sharply,. The ability of other stocks to join in the advance, depends on the idea that gains in oil prices would continue to be moderate,. "We think the markets are underestimating the impact the oil {price} rise and the general firming in commodity prices will have on the U,.  stocks worked their way to higher levels by midday as the dollar rallied despite a one-point increase in Japan's official discount rate to 5,. Bond prices took their cue from the dollar and moved higher after dropping in response to news that the February consumer price index rose 0,. Stocks fell for the second straight session, tracking a tumbling bond market,.  Airline stocks surged as crude oil prices retreated from a rally Monday,. Although the dollar's rapid slide in the past few weeks has been cited as the main reason for the jump in interest rates and corresponding slide in stock prices,.  Stocks didn't get going until October, around the time oil prices peaked and fell sharply,. The ability of other stocks to join in the advance, depends on the idea that gains in oil prices would continue to be moderate,.  is what helped stocks rally last week despite spreading political turmoil in the Middle East, sustained higher oil prices,.  Many analysts feel the bond market's strong rally since late November 1994 has played a crucial role in the stock market's impressive four-month rally,. But sustained weakness in the dollar helped set the table for a decline in equities,.  The engine driving stocks' thrust was a powerful bond market rally that pushed down long-term interest rates to 8,.  worried about rising oil prices, sold a host of stocks that could see their margins contract if costs increase,. Most gold stocks recovered from their declines in Monday's sell-off,.  but the market's late rebound swept oil stocks higher even though oil prices extended a decline in which the price of crude has reached 18-month lows,. Yesterday's stock gains came on a stronger dollar and news that the Federal Reserve's Manuel Johnson said he doesn't expect interest rates to return to levels that prevailed in 1982,.  The bond market didn't stage any explosive rally -- prices ended only slightly higher -- and oil prices,. Consumer stocks were generally hit hard in the sell-off as the sharp increase in oil prices heightened concerns about the economic outlook,. Lower oil prices also sparked a sell-off among oil-field services stocks,. Rebounds in technology and drug stocks helped drive the market higher despite falling bond prices,. A big drop in the December bond futures contract, didn't provide any positive support for the stock market early on,. Yesterday's advance in the stock market was accompanied for the first time this week with a rally in the bond market,. Stock prices ended narrowly mixed yesterday after a session dominated by glumness about the insider-trading scandal and nervousness about rising oil prices and the approach of Friday\'s "triple witching hour" expirations,. NEW YORK -- A surge in technology stocks lent strength to the overall market, but weakness in the oil sector helped contain the advance in blue-chip market measures,. Selected oil stocks also rallied amid the market's retreat as the Persian Gulf situation pushed oil prices higher,. Stocks headed lower from the opening bell, and the sell-off gained momentum as the price of oil rallied above $30 a barrel -- a level reached two weeks ago for the first time since the early 1980s -- and then broke through the $31-a-barrel mark,.  major oil stocks closed mixed despite the latest surge in oil prices,.  comments from Fed officials about how strong the economy appeared to be combined with rising commodities prices and gains in oil and precious-metal stocks to conjure up fears that rising inflation is about to burst onto the scene,.  Stock Market's Surge Is Puzzling Investors, Buyers Large and Small Keep Pouring In Money --- A Bear Cites Plunging Dollar,.  combined with a soaring dollar and more profit-taking by investors, contributed to an early decline in stock prices,. A stronger dollar, a sharp rise in Treasury prices and continuing optimism for a rate cut all helped support the improvement in equities,. Shares of precious metals producers fell as gold prices fell sharply for a second straight day,.  dollar and weakness in the Tokyo and London stock markets set up the U,.  Many were surprised that the stock market didn\'t head into a tailspin given the weakness in the dollar and a second consecutive day of rising interest rates in the bond market,.  "The stock market can go higher as long as bond rates continue to move lower,.  the dollar turned down earlier this year as gold continued rising -- until gold turned down,.  such as a rise in interest rates or a further decline in the dollar, could set off a sharp downward move in the stock market,. Higher energy prices in the futures market as well as the Arco recommendation gave most other oil stocks a lift,.  Gold prices usually rise with inflation, something stock investors don't like,. The advance swept stock prices higher across the board -- with the notable exception of gold and oil-related shares,.  contended that a big reason for "the strength in the bond market that spilled over into the stock market is the fact that investors are focusing more on the improvement in inflation and the idea that it\'s less of a problem,.  A robust rally in the bond market, which usually would lift stocks,.  Bond market watchers feared that the Federal Reserve would be reluctant to lower interest rates anytime soon if the dollar was weakening,. Despite yesterday's rise in oil prices, major oil stocks continued to weaken,. Oil stocks fell on lower crude prices,. Although the weakness of the bond market appears to be related to signs of a pickup in the pace of economic activity, the lofty levels of the major stock indexes have left investors jittery enough to withdraw from the market at the first sight of higher rates,. Transportation stocks helped fuel the rally early in the day, but weakened as crude oil prices strengthened later in the session,.  said that some weakening of the dollar and a near three-year high in the Commodity Research Bureau price index,.  stocks settled into a tight trading range until a late rally in bond prices helped push stocks higher,. Stock prices rose in active trading, spurred by continued declines in the dollar and expectations of lower oil prices,. Thrusting Japanese investors toward American stocks are an unexpectedly strong dollar and a need to diversify the riches generated by Japan's high savings rate and large trade surplus,. Oil stocks moved higher after crude prices climbed past $32 a barrel when data showed a mostly unexpected decline in inventories,. "Dollar's Slide Could Roil Stocks --- Importer Shares Might Take Hit, Slower Foreign Demand May Put Dent in Bond Prices Too,. A falling dollar could mean bad news for the bond market because it can lead to inflation and higher interest rates,.  Bond prices also plunged with increasing speed as the afternoon wore on, despite a flat to slightly firmer dollar against most currencies and repeated Federal Reserve injections of funds into the banking system,. It also holds large amounts of gold and other hedges against stock declines,. Precious-metal stocks fell even as the price of gold climbed to a five-year high,. A rise in oil prices and a late-session selloff in shares of Merck trimmed early-session index gains,. 'Stocks Regain Some Lost Ground On Firmer Dollar, Bond Rebound,. Traders cited a higher dollar and some gains in the bond market as the reasons for yesterday's advance in stocks,.  The gains in crude prices gave oil stocks a boost,. The punishment that so many fastgrowing stocks are enduring is being dealt out in large part by a slumping bond market,.  sparking a powerful rally in the bond market and driving stock prices sharply higher,. Stock prices shot higher as a solid but restrained gross-domestic-product report sparked a powerful rally in the bond market,. Also sharply higher were some airline stocks, which often rally when oil prices decline,. Oil stocks fell as investors began to lose confidence in the ability of oil-producing nations to push through substantial price increases,.  Oil stocks did move higher on surprising crude oil and heating oil price gains in the futures market that were tied to new indications of OPEC production restraint,. The bond market's rally helped boost banking stocks,.  That has since been reflected in a lethargic bond market and a retreat in utility stocks prior to yesterday\'s sharp across-the-board plunge in stock prices,.  Should they sell shares to raise cash? Shouldn't they sell their bank stocks? Was it wise to sell the rising oil stocks and switch into tumbling airline shares?,.  Chevron lost 1 1/2 to 85 3/4 while other major oil stocks were mixed amid a drop in oil prices,.  The shares fell 5/16 to 12 13/16, partly because of a sharp rise in the dollar against the British pound and partly on selling by investors in London who are skeptical over a bid for the company by a group led by Sir James Goldsmith,. Stock prices moved higher yesterday, taking their cue from a firmer dollar and an advance in the bond market,. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell to their lowest levels in more than a week, as investors backed away from a market shaken by climbing oil prices,.  Energy stocks led the broader market higher in light holiday trading last week as oil prices recovered slightly,.  a rising yuan could boost other Asian currencies, lift commodity prices and hurt U,. A decline in the bond market and a slightly weaker dollar throttled any follow-up on Tuesday's big rally,. "Oops! Stock Prices Plunge A Record 39 Points In Sharp Turnabout --- Hectic Late Trading Erases New High Set on Tuesday, Effect of 'Sell Programs' --- Bond Market Triggers Drop,. The slide in stock prices apparently was set off by a drop in the bond market yesterday morning,.  the stock market has reacted positively to higher commodity prices on the theory that it will boost profits of energy and materials companies,.  Why are stocks climbing even though the bond market is slumping? She said she suspects that stock investors were waiting for some early sign of what second-quarter earnings would look like before they placed any firm bets on the market,. Oil stocks ticked higher as crude-oil prices rose during the escalating tensions in the Middle East,. More puzzling was that while stock investors blithely bid prices higher, bond investors were hunkered down,.  Many analysts fret that unless the dollar can rally, the current stock market gains could rapidly unravel,. The stock market fell back, despite a higher bond market,.  An early sell-off in the dollar and bonds help put stocks on a downward path from the beginning of the session,. Japanese stocks rose sharply early Monday as the yen weakened against the dollar,.  and a resulting explosive rally in bond prices, couldn't console stock investors,. Stocks began the session by moving higher along with bonds, but were unable to hold the gains after renewed weakness developed in the bond market,. Energy stocks pulled back on weakness in the underlying commodity market amid concerns that OPEC planned to increase production in a way that would offset any capacity lost to whatever military action may take place in the Middle East,.  an increasing number of large investors moved to take money out of the bond market and move it back into stocks,. Airlines and utility stocks finished sharply lower in the session, after crude prices worked higher on concerns that continuing violence in the Middle East could disrupt the flow of oil,. Oil field-services stocks rose amid a rally in crude-oil prices,. But others question how much higher the stock market can go while bond yields keep climbing,. NEW YORK -- Further reductions in oil prices fortified continuing hopes for an economic recovery, allowing  stocks to post gains in another sprightly trading session,. Oil stocks were about the only group that didn't participate in the rally,. Several energy stocks also weakened in anticipation that inventory data on natural-gas reserves, would suggest that commodity prices may head lower,. Several paper and forest-products stocks rose sharply, as prices for wood-product commodities rose,.  but you also need a lower dollar, and stable stock prices,.  The weakness in the stocks came after prospects for a peace settlement in the Middle East eased some worries about threats to oil supplies that had led to price increases for crude oil in preceding days,.  worried about rising oil prices, sold a host of stocks that could see their margins contract if costs increase,. Oil stocks had a mixed day after analysts indicated higher fuel prices are starting to kick in,. Even though commodity prices in the energy sector didn't show much improvement after Wednesday's pullback, oil producers staged a recovery,. Energy stocks weakened, inasmuch as Wednesday's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to increase production might have suggested commodity prices should dim on supply-demand considerations,.  stocks rising and bond yields falling going into the Fed meeting,. Merger talk in the entertainment sector provided another source of strength for blue-chip names, as did sharp gains in commodity prices in the energy sector,. Oil stocks mostly moved lower in the wake of sharp declines in crude-oil prices,.  is sinking under the weight of rising interest rates and higher prices for commodities like oil,. Gold stocks pulled back after rising last week in sympathy with a rise in the underlying precious metal,. A falling stock market could also weaken the dollar,.  "The Fed wouldn\'t be keen to see a weakening dollar while oil prices are rising,.  several other gold-company stocks posted gains on the rise in gold prices,. Airline stocks posted gains in the session, helped by a combination of the decline in oil prices and the move by several U,. The big gains among blue chips came from energy stocks, which rose after Saudi oil officials said they didn't expect U,.  Paper stocks notched modest gains, ahead of the release of a critical capacity survey expected to support higher commodity prices,. "We think the markets are underestimating the impact the oil {price} rise and the general firming in commodity prices will have on the U,. Oil stocks weakened on a mixed profit showing,. Oil stocks weakened after crude prices rose,.  Last week's stock slide began Tuesday when the dollar fell close to a three-year low against the yen on news of a record trade deficit in July and the Bank of Japan's refusal to ease monetary policy,.  rising oil prices and the weakening dollar are unnerving them,. The dollar also strengthened after its recent decline, though whether it inspired gains in stocks yesterday,. NEW YORK -- Further weakness in the dollar heightened inflation worries, sending prices of growth stocks sharply lower,. Bond prices eventually ended higher, the stock market already had set on a course toward lower prices,.  Shares of Phelps Dodge rose 3 5/16 to 61 11/16, and Freeport-McMoran Copper & Gold rose 1 5/16 to 16 3/8 ,.  the inflation fears are pushing bond yields higher, but there is enough optimism about profits to allow stocks to protect their recent gains,. The punishment that so many fastgrowing stocks are enduring is being dealt out in large part by a slumping bond market,.  \'I want to shift 3% or 4% of my money to take advantage of higher prices for stock and higher bond yields,. NEW YORK -- Rising commodities prices sparked gains in energy stocks,.  Bank Stocks Advance Despite Steep Rise in Bond Yields,.  it would imply Japan\'s bond yields of 1% and lower, deserve stock P/E ratios of 100 or higher,. NEW YORK -- A surge in technology stocks lent strength to the overall market, but weakness in the oil sector helped contain the advance in blue-chip market measures,. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks fell modestly as manufacturing and oil stocks weakened,. Traders said the declines in consumer stocks and a big sell-off in the bond market both reflected a growing aggressiveness on the part of investors,. NEW YORK -- High-technology stocks overcame another earnings worry about a key sector of the industry to notch big gains, but more weakness in the oil patch and a tentative reaction to profit statements left blue-chip names narrowly lower,. Further declines in oil prices caused energy and energy-services stocks to decline again,. Energy and oil field-service stocks turned lower again on continued weakness in the pricing of energy products,. NEW YORK -- A steep loss by some major financial issues offset an anticipated rally in oil shares,. The rally in oil prices helped lift shares of energy stocks out of recent doldrums,. Banking stocks moved higher amid declining bond yields and more talk about consolidation in the sector,. Stocks of some silver-mining concerns moved higher on news that investor Warren Buffett had been buying large amounts of silver,. The continued weakness of oil and natural-gas prices, knocked oil and oil-services stocks lower,.  stocks staged a surprising rally Friday, despite a plunge in the unemployment rate that sent investors fleeing from the bond market,. Oil stocks ticked higher as crude-oil prices rose during the escalating tensions in the Middle East,.  An unexpectedly sharp rise in the CPI could easily push bond yields higher, and knock stocks lower,. One phenomenon of the day was the big gains in precious-metals stocks, which tracked an increase in gold prices,. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks soared amid a powerful bond rally in the wake of fresh evidence that inflation remains in check,. The stock market's violent sell-off late Friday, even as the bond market managed to stage a muted rally,.  stocks were buffeted first by the combination of a weaker dollar and rising interest rates as bonds slumped,. Thanks to the recovery in the bond market, the decline in banking stocks was smaller than for the broad market,. Stock prices plunged Friday in response to the sell-off in the bond market,. With bond yields in retreat yesterday, bank stocks were primed to improve,. The bond market's rally helped boost banking stocks,.  likely will push bond yields higher and stocks lower,. NEW YORK -- A meltdown in technology stocks and weakening bond prices triggered the second-biggest single-day drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average of the year,.  Oil stocks were another source of the Dow index's weakness as Exxon fell 2 3/4 to 100 1/2,. NEW YORK -- A combination of late-day program selling and a reversal of bond prices knocked stocks sharply lower in the most actively traded session in New York Stock Exchange history,. 5% because of higher energy costs underpinned a rally in oil stocks,.  propelling bond prices sharply higher and yields lower, setting the tone for the stock market's rally,.  surging technology stocks drove markets higher in the face of falling bond prices,.  said stocks -- especially stock-index futures -- couldn't hold onto early gains in the face of rising bond yields,.  Bond prices fell and yields rose amid rising oil prices and a stronger-than-expected industrial production report,. Bank stocks rebounded narrowly after some weakness Thursday following the bond market's drop,.  The decline in oil stocks contributed to a slide that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbling 29,. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks failed to hold an early gain and pulled the market lower amid what analysts said were some worries about a weakening economy's impact on earnings in the fourth quarter,.  One analyst said investors knocked the stock lower because they are reluctant to pay as high a price/earnings multiple for an oil company as they would a chemical company,. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks traded higher after crude prices soared,. Stocks moved sharply higher in early trading, as bond yields fell,.  but also provide ample reason for a strong rally in the bond market, which probably would boost stock prices,. 'Industrials Climb in Quiet Session As Shares of Oil Companies Rise,. Stocks opened the day higher, which was sparked by a decline in bond yields,. Stocks with the greatest exposure to the interest-rate decline in Friday's bond market enjoyed some of the strongest gains,. NEW YORK -- Caution ahead of the highly anticipated May employment report today outweighed the bond market's strength, pushing stocks lower,. Recent weakness in oil prices and uncertainty as to what impact Iraq's return to the oil market might have on prices helped push oil stocks lower,. 'Stocks Decline in Reaction to Fed As Oil Shares Give Up Some Gains,.  Stocks rose after a report from the University of Michigan showing unexpectedly weak consumer confidence helped to lower interest rates in the bond market,. NEW YORK -- Oil stocks edged lower on a sharp decline in crude prices,.  ended several days of advances by the shares, and offset the gains in some of the bigger oil stocks,. Oil stocks accounted for a large portion of the rise in blue chips,.  Other oil stocks rose after falling Monday,. NEW YORK -- Rising bond prices stoked a continuing rebound in blue-chip stocks that briefly lifted the Dow Jones Industrial Average within a hair of another record finish,. 'Blue-Chip Stocks Close Down On Session-Long Bond Weakness,. A stronger dollar, a sharp rise in Treasury prices and continuing optimism for a rate cut all helped support the improvement in equities,. Shares of oil companies were mostly lower as crude oil prices retreated,.  when a report on regional manufacturing cut gains in the long bond's price, bond prices rose -- once again on the budget outlook -- and drew stocks higher,.  Bond Rally Spur Stocks To Regain Part of Monday's Loss,. NEW YORK -- Stocks recovered about one-third of Monday's losses, boosted by a rally in the bond market and enthusiasm about the Fed's decision to trim short-term rates,.  Warning that the dollar could climb 10% to 12% against major European currencies, "You\'d hate to get the stock market call correct and then see that performance neutralized by a rising dollar,.  "The bond market\'s strength suggests the economy is weak, stable growth stocks,. While bond prices rose on a tame inflation report, stock investors focused on earnings reports in bidding prices higher,. The dollar mustered a slight recovery, which contributed to Thursday's downturn in the equities market,.  usually sensitive to the problems a stronger dollar poses to sales abroad, while technology stocks joined economically sensitive issues in the broad-based rally,.  stocks settled into a tight trading range until a late rally in bond prices helped push stocks higher,. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip stocks fell in another referendum on the strength of the dollar,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as technology issues gained on strong earnings reports while multinationals were kept in check by the rising dollar,. Stocks finished mostly lower, dragged down by weakening bond prices,. Even a rising bond market couldn't lead stocks higher,. A rally in the bond market also gave stocks a lift,. In addition to the weakness of the bond market, which stocks generally shrugged off but will be hard-pressed to ignore if the weakness continues,.  stocks already so high, foreign investors may be reluctant to flood into the market even if the dollar stabilizes or rises,.  said stocks fell in reaction to the bond market's retreat,.  a permanently declining dollar, permanently stable oil prices,. Analysts said rising bond yields played a key role in sending stock prices lower,. Analysts said firm oil prices unsettled some investors and may have contributed to softness in the market, though oil industry stocks received a boost,. NEW YORK -- A sell-off in the bond market eroded investors' enthusiasm for first-quarter earnings reports, and stocks finished lower after a late-session decline,.  Many analysts feel the bond market's strong rally since late November 1994 has played a crucial role in the stock market's impressive four-month rally,. But sustained weakness in the dollar helped set the table for a decline in equities,.  Weakness in bond and currency markets drew stocks down in sympathy early in the session,. NEW YORK -- Stocks were mixed as weakness in the bond market led shares down early and a stronger-than-expected reading on consumer confidence robbed them of forward momentum,. A resurgent dollar and bond-market rally lifted stock prices solidly higher,. "Stocks actually like a depreciating dollar because it can improve earnings reports with built-in currency gains from overseas operations,.  Many analysts fret that unless the dollar can rally, the current stock market gains could rapidly unravel,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices rose as investors chased a powerful bond market rally sparked by a reassuring economic outlook from Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan,. Interest-rate sensitive stocks posted the biggest gains, while the bond market soared,.  comments from Fed officials about how strong the economy appeared to be combined with rising commodities prices and gains in oil and precious-metal stocks to conjure up fears that rising inflation is about to burst onto the scene,. NEW YORK -- A jump in bond prices helped propel the stock market higher,.  when weakness in the dollar led to a steep drop in the bond market, whose strength had been a major factor behind the stock market's recent gains,. NEW YORK -- Stocks continued the year-end rally that began late last week, getting an important boost from the bond market,.  but much of the stock market was mixed even as the 30-year Treasury bond rose strongly,.  bond investors expect interest rates will go higher, most likely undermining any tax-cut-driven rally in the stock market,. NEW YORK -- Stocks finished mixed as investors remain concerned by the steady advance in bond yields and the prospect of a new Federal Reserve credit tightening,. NEW YORK -- Stocks snapped back after five sessions of weakness as the bond market finally turned higher,. Stocks started with a downdraft as the dollar initially fell to a post-World War II low against the yen and a two-year low against the mark,. NEW YORK -- Stocks skidded as new signs of economic strength sent bond yields soaring,.  stock prices closed solidly higher on the strength of an impressive showing by the bond market,. A moderate rebound in bond prices after a tumble Friday wasn't enough to encourage stock investors,. Troubling inflation news and a steep plunge in bond prices sent stocks on their worst tumble in two months,. NEW YORK -- Stocks edged lower as the dollar weakened against major currencies for a fourth-straight session,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mostly lower amid a sell-off in the bond market and a stronger-than-expected rise in producer prices,.  combined with gains in the dollar against the mark and yen, cleared the way for yesterday's stock market rise,. Stocks fell for the second straight session, tracking a tumbling bond market,. Oil stocks declined as crude oil prices retreated from Monday's gains,.  sparking a powerful rally in the bond market and driving stock prices sharply higher,. Stock prices shot higher as a solid but restrained gross-domestic-product report sparked a powerful rally in the bond market,.  already nervous about rising commodities prices and inflationary pressures, followed the dollar lower,.  weakness in the dollar and rumors of liquidations in the mortgage-backed securities market combined to shove the 30-year bond down a full point,. "Stocks End Session Mostly Higher Despite Dollar's Decline to Low,. Precious-metals stocks didn't participate in yesterday's recovery in the face of declining gold prices,. Oil stocks largely recovered from Monday's sell-off -- with the notable exception of Exxon,. Oil stocks rose across-the-board amid a rise in oil prices,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices fell, tracking a declining bond market,. A sharp bond market rally dispelled early inflation fears, allowing stocks to post a moderate advance,. Analysts said investors were concerned Friday about the dollar's weakness and another jump in the Commodity Research Bureau index of the 21 most widely followed commodities,. NEW YORK -- Stocks reversed Tuesday's gains as the bond market sell-off resumed,. Uncertainty about what the central bank will do in response to growing evidence of economic strength has helped push stocks down for four straight sessions and lifted long-term bond yields to their highest level since November 1992,. A weakening dollar can erode Treasury bond prices because it reduces the value to foreigners of their investments in dollardenominated securities,. Surprisingly strong data on April employment and an unexpected drop in the unemployment rate triggered the bond market rout and put pressure on stocks,.  That inaction sent stock and bond prices tumbling toward their lows as investors feared the central bank was falling behind in the effort to control inflation,. The gains in the stock market came even as government bond prices fell,. NEW YORK -- Stocks retreated as renewed inflation worries sent bond prices tumbling,. NEW YORK -- Dazed and confused investors held back amid more weakness in bond prices, leaving stocks mixed,.  Stock prices have largely mirrored the movement of bond prices throughout the downturn and another big plunge in the bond market could certainly pummel stocks badly,. Investors remain unconvinced that the bond market rout, which has sent interest rates soaring and stock prices tumbling,.  "I think you want to see the stock market settling down, the Federal Reserve moving rates higher and the dollar getting stronger before you get more aggressive on stocks,. NEW YORK -- Tumbling oil and technology issues depressed the stock market despite a rally in bonds,. Strength in the bond market also helped lift stocks late in the day,. NEW YORK -- A futures-related sell program sent stock prices lower at the close, despite a bond rally amid news of another Federal Reserve tightening,.  When bond prices rose stocks fell and when bonds plummeted stocks rallied,.  Stocks recovered from the early losses as the rally in the bond market mounted,. NEW YORK -- Another sell-off in the bond market left stocks lower,. NEW YORK -- A rebound in the bond market carried stocks mostly higher,.  Chevron lost 1 1/2 to 85 3/4 while other major oil stocks were mixed amid a drop in oil prices,. NEW YORK -- Blue-chip issues led the stock market higher, boosted by rebounding bond prices and program buying,. NEW YORK -- Stocks crept mostly lower as nervous investors watched bond prices slide,.  including the bond slump and a jump in commodities prices,. NEW YORK -- Strength in the bond market and a solid snapback in beleaguered utility stocks cleared the way for gains in stocks,.  the bond market underwent a phenomenal rally last year, providing a solid foundation for the stock market's gains,.  Gains in oil stocks and a handful of industrial stocks propelled the index of 30 blue-chip stocks higher,. NEW YORK -- Sharply lower bond prices and profit-taking trimmed more of the gains made by stocks this year in fairly quiet trading,. Many interest-rate-sensitive financial stocks rebounded after slumping earlier in the week in reaction to the bond market's slide,. NEW YORK -- Stocks followed bonds lower, but positive economic news and strength in oil shares blunted the equity market's losses,.  Canelo said he doesn\'t expect stocks to tumble unless long bond yields climb above 6,. NEW YORK -- Tumbling bond prices derailed a year-end stock rally that had carried the Dow Jones Industrial Average to three straight new highs,. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose to its third record high of the week on strength in oil stocks,. Continued strength in overseas stock markets and a sharp drop in oil,. Stocks started the day lower as a sell-off in the bond market preyed upon stock investors,.  as stock prices powered higher yesterday, bond prices slumped with the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond rising to 6,.  said that stocks were propped up by a rebound in the oil group and a rally among technology stocks,. NEW YORK -- Stocks ended lower after a rally in the bond market petered out,. Airline stocks and other transportation issues soared as oil prices continued to erode in the wake of a decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to leave its production ceiling untouched,.  The decline in oil prices helped lift bond prices Friday and provide some underlying strength for the stock market,. NEW YORK -- Stocks rebounded slightly as a surprise bond market rally pushed long-term interest rates lower for the first time in more than a week,. The huge oil and gas company rose after a rally on the London Stock Exchange earlier in the day following the Bank of England's cut of 1/2 point in its base rate to 5,. The rally in crude oil prices sent oil-related stocks sharply higher,. Although the weakness of the bond market appears to be related to signs of a pickup in the pace of economic activity, the lofty levels of the major stock indexes have left investors jittery enough to withdraw from the market at the first sight of higher rates,. Slumping bond prices tempered stock market investors' spirits and cut into the industrial average's gains,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mostly lower amid falling bond prices,.  leading to higher oil and other commodity prices -- and ultimately resulting in higher interest rates and lower stock prices,. Stocks edged mostly higher on rising bond prices,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices were mixed as long-term bond prices rose for a second straight day,. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell as investors watched bond prices slide,. Lower bond prices mean a higher bond yield, and it is that jump that rattled stock investors,.  Equities didn't follow the long bond's 3/4-point jump on tumbling commodity prices and the poor economic news,. A sharp rally in the bond market helped drive stock prices higher,. Disappointing economic news knocked stock prices lower in early trading, but the powerful bond market rally reversed the decline,. NEW YORK -- Investors ignored surging bond prices and a health-care sector rally to bid stocks lower ahead of the long weekend,. Stock prices fell amid declining bond prices,. Analysts said stocks were supported by a sharp decline in interest rates that sent the yield on the Treasury's 30-year bond tumbling to 6,. Transportation stocks soared, buoyed by stable oil prices,. Shares of precious metals producers fell as gold prices fell sharply for a second straight day,. But precious metals stocks rebounded as gold recovered from last week's steep sell-off,.  He expects bond prices to tumble if the budget bill is defeated and that, would probably drag stocks lower,. "Turmoil Could Boost European Stocks, But Dollar's Rise May Erase All Gains,.  Some analysts are predicting that the dollar will rise 10% or more against European currencies in the next year, effectively wiping out an equal amount of gains in those stock markets,.  If these professionals feel the dollar is going to rise, thus capturing much of the foreign stock market's return without the risk that a stronger dollar will eat sharply into their profits,. Rebounds in technology and drug stocks helped drive the market higher despite falling bond prices,. NEW YORK -- Late futures-related program selling and bond market weakness forced stock prices to sink and the Dow Jones Industrial Average to retreat from its all-time high set on Wednesday,.  Why are stocks climbing even though the bond market is slumping? She said she suspects that stock investors were waiting for some early sign of what second-quarter earnings would look like before they placed any firm bets on the market,.  Airline stocks surged as crude oil prices retreated from a rally Monday,. Stock prices started the day higher but eroded as interest rates rose amid sharp gains in gold prices and a jump in the Commodity Research Bureau's index of 21 futures contracts,.  reflecting the rise in gold, a surge in grain prices and a rebound in crude oil prices,. In two previous periods of falling stock prices, mutual fund investors did turn sour on stock funds and switched large amounts of money into bond and money market funds,. Stocks inched higher on strength from the bond market,. NEW YORK -- A rally in the bond market soothed investors' jitters and sent stock prices higher,.  said negative analyst comments -- about both the oil stocks and the bank group -- played a large role in yesterday\'s weakness,. "Stocks Retreat on Drop in Dollar,. NEW YORK -- Worries about inflation and the continued slide in the value of the dollar sent stocks into a retreat,. NEW YORK -- Surging bond prices lifted stocks amid declining inflation fears and rising hope the federal budget deficit will be cut,. NEW YORK -- Stock investors shrugged off the second day of a powerful bond market rally to leave prices mixed with only slight changes,. Precious metals stocks were lower as spot gold fell in New York,.  Dudack expects the stock and bond markets to tumble in an "emotional" sell-off,. Yesterday's jump in stock prices was fueled by an explosive rally in the bond market,.  and a resulting explosive rally in bond prices, couldn't console stock investors,. Traders said a rebound of more than 3/8-point in the 30-year Treasury bond and moderate gains in tobacco stocks helped to stabilize the stock market yesterday,. A jump in gold prices helped lift precious metals stocks,. Stocks started the day higher, buoyed by higher bond prices and an easing of the political skirmishing in Russia,. Rising interest rates helped to depress stocks early in the day, but a reversal in the bond market eased those concerns in the afternoon,. Stocks started the day higher and managed to hold their gains even as bond prices fell on signs that inflation may be accelerating,.  Supplies of oil to the West may be disrupted and production of industrial metals may drop drastically, putting upward pressure on world commodity prices,.  Canelo said yesterday's drop in bond prices while stocks were mixed suggests there are a number of big money managers who are continuing to pull money out of bonds and pour it into stocks,. Stocks shot higher at the opening bell, largely on the strength of a soaring bond market and buying from short-term traders looking for quick profits,.  from rising stock prices and a firming dollar,. Even though oil prices actually fell yesterday, stocks of some big oil companies rose,. The rally in oil stocks together with gains in Eastman Kodak and International Business Machines "helped mask the weakness in the Dow,. Lower interest rates also sent stocks higher as bond prices continued to climb,.  A sharp drop in bond yields also spurred gains in stock prices,. When bond prices began falling, fears of a drop in stock prices increased,.  McAlinden worries that rising commodity prices could reignite inflation and restrain the stock market\'s advance,. Oil stocks fell as investors began to lose confidence in the ability of oil-producing nations to push through substantial price increases,. 'Industrials Fall on Prospect of Rise In Oil Prices, Energy Stocks Leap,. Stocks rose slightly in sluggish trading, helped by rising bond prices,. NEW YORK -- Stocks soared to a record as investors shrugged off a poor economic reading and instead focused on continued strength in the bond market,. Transportation stocks helped fuel the rally early in the day, but weakened as crude oil prices strengthened later in the session,. NEW YORK -- A rebound in the bond market helped lift stocks from their lows,.  That\'s because a rally in oil stocks suggests higher production costs for industrial companies,. If airlines can bounce back in spite of higher oil prices, which means other battered stock groups might rebound,. A rally in oil stocks helped lift major market indexes to solid gains,. But higher oil prices sent airline stocks lower,. He compares the sharp rise in the prices of many cyclical stocks with the continued slump in gold prices,.  stock prices rose along with bond prices -- seemingly ignoring a Commerce Department announcement that durable goods orders fell 0,. Stocks fell partly because of weak auto sales, but ended significantly above their lows for the day as investors tried to catch up with a rip-roaring bond rally,.  That is because rising bond prices mean interest rates are falling, which encourages stock investors who think lower interest rates will help the economy recover,.  stocks had seen their afternoon peaks and were headed lower again -- despite a sharp rise in bond prices,.  Abrams argues that stock investors have already discounted dollar weakness and that further declines won't pack nearly as much punch as the earlier drops in the U,. A rising dollar and firming bond prices added to the buoyant mood,. Stocks slumped in the middle of the day but rallied in the afternoon as bond prices rose,. NEW YORK -- A falling bond market dragged stocks lower as hopes for another interest rate cut before the presidential election began to fade,.  Weakness in the bond market also pushed stocks lower,. Some traders attributed the afternoon stock rally to a rise in the dollar,. NEW YORK -- Stocks edged higher, bolstered by a firming dollar,. Traders attributed the stock market\'s strength to a rebound in the dollar,. NEW YORK -- Renewed skepticism about the economy's strength helped sink stocks yesterday, despite a celebration of lower interest rates in the bond market,. Stocks rose as the dollar remained stable,. Oil company stocks -- many of which have large natural gas reserves -- also rose,. NEW YORK -- Continued stability in the dollar and a sharp rally in bonds cleared a path to higher ground for stocks,. Stocks plunged on fears about the declining dollar,. NEW YORK -- Traders took their cue from rising bond prices and bid stocks mildly higher,. Stocks rose on some generally positive economic data, higher bond prices and stronger overseas markets,.  Stocks also strengthened as bond prices recovered after a sharp sell-off Thursday and several overseas stock markets recovered from recent losses,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices rose early in the day, then fell back as selling in the bond market pushed yields higher,.  weakness in the bond market prompted program selling that knocked stock prices lower,. NEW YORK -- Stocks weakened despite the continuing bond market rally,.  investors' concerns about the economy may have kept rising bond prices from sparking a stock market advance,. But the stock market's gains were tempered again by worries about interest rates, which have been edging higher in the bond market,.  The firming bond prices started stocks climbing,. Some airline stocks continued to climb, helped by the falling oil prices,. Brokerage firm stocks fell because investors fear a reduction in stock and bond offerings,. The stock market gathered steam in the afternoon as the bond market firmed on hopes that continued softness in the economy will lead the Federal Reserve Board to ease monetary policy again soon,. Share prices surged at the opening on a burst of optimism over falling bond market yields and climbing stock prices overseas,. NEW YORK -- A sharp rally in the bond market proved contagious yesterday, spreading to stocks even though the rally was started by some sobering economic news,.  when the bond market plunged but stocks soared on a surprisingly strong economic report for July,. NEW YORK -- Stocks couldn't hold their gains, despite a sharp rally in the bond market,. "The reason the stock market didn\'t follow the bond market higher was that bonds rallied because the recovery seems to be sputtering,. NEW YORK -- Stocks ended higher in modest trading, aided initially by a continued decline in bond yields and later by a late burst of computer-guided buy programs,.  The oil company's shares recently had retreated after rocketing higher on speculation over the size of its share of a new Colombian oil field,. 'The Dollar Rally, Hit on Profits May Drag Down Stock Market,.  Should they sell shares to raise cash? Shouldn't they sell their bank stocks? Was it wise to sell the rising oil stocks and switch into tumbling airline shares?,. Firming bond prices helped set the stage for yesterday's stock gains,. Some market analysts suggested that the bond market is oversold and due for a brief rally -- something that could lift stocks out of their doldrums,.  Stock investors sold because lower bond prices meant higher yields and higher interest rates,.  Traders said the stock advance was primed by the bond market and propelled higher by some computer-driven buy programs,.  Then fears that a resurgent economy would spark higher inflation began a bond market selloff that brought stock prices down as interest rates went up,. Rising bond yields sent stock prices tumbling,. Following a recovery in bond prices, stocks finished higher in light pre-holiday trading,. A late rally in bonds failed to prompt any interest in stocks, though the bond market's slide earlier last week was blamed for the stock market's lackluster performance then,. Stocks took their steepest tumble in nearly two months, reacting to a deep slide in bond prices,.  rising bond prices and falling interest rates created a continually improving environment for stocks,.  Stocks began falling as bond prices weakened,.  Bond yields may rise far enough to become a more competitive investment, and the dollar's gains may erode earnings of companies where foreign sales make an important contribution to the bottom line,.  Foreign investors haven't been a big presence in the stock market for the past few years because they feared a weakening dollar would eliminate or at least seriously reduce any gains in stock prices,. Gold prices rose, but gold stocks continued to slide,. Also sharply higher were some airline stocks, which often rally when oil prices decline,. Airline stocks soared, in part because fuel costs are expected to decline along with the price of oil,. Some airline stocks managed to close higher as oil prices plunged early in the day,.  Rising oil prices generally depress airline stocks as investors anticipate higher fuel costs,. The drop in bond prices helped stall further gains in stocks,. Energy stocks were generally higher as oil prices continue to climb on Mideast tensions,. NEW YORK -- Peace rumors and a corresponding drop in oil prices sent stocks soaring in the strongest rally this month,.  The report caused oil prices to jump, deflated an early rally in the bond market and caused the industrial average to skid about 14 points at the opening bell,. Crude oil prices bounced back from early losses by the close, and an early advance on the bond market was turned back as Treasury issues ended as much as 1/4 point lower,. Some chemical stocks continued to rally on the prospect of lower raw material costs as oil prices slid,. Oil and oil-related stocks were mostly lower despite a rebound in some oil prices from Friday's plunge,. That stock prices could rise in the face of rising oil prices betrays an underlying desire to move stock prices higher still,. But higher bond prices didn't take stock equity lower,.  The recovery in oil prices triggered a sell-off in the jittery stock market,. 'Industrials Climb in Brisk Volume As Oil, Commodity Prices Slide,. Despite yesterday's rise in oil prices, major oil stocks continued to weaken,. NEW YORK -- With a one-two boost from plunging oil prices and falling interest rates, stocks had their biggest daily rise in almost a month,.  He said the rate decline took place despite a volatile oil market, a falling dollar,. NEW YORK -- Lower oil prices and interest rates helped push stock prices higher,. The high hopes sent the bond market higher and helped firm financial stocks,. The early advance in stock prices stumbled in midmorning on a brief upturn in oil prices,. Stock prices bounced up and down, turning higher as oil prices slumped and declining as oil prices rallied,.  fueled by an advance in the stock futures market and an afternoon slump in oil prices,. But falling oil prices and some apparent easing of tensions in the Middle East couldn't stem more fundamental fears surrounding some stocks,. Airline stocks were generally higher, responding to the slide in oil prices,. Other airline stocks were stronger because of weakening oil prices,.  a tumbling dollar, and a rise in bond yields to 9,. NEW YORK -- Stocks fell to their lowest levels in more than a week, as investors backed away from a market shaken by climbing oil prices,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices fell under the pressures of rising oil prices again yesterday afternoon,.  oil prices began climbing, driving both stocks and bonds lower,. The advance swept stock prices higher across the board -- with the notable exception of gold and oil-related shares,. NEW YORK -- The stock market retreated again as crude oil prices surged as high as $40 a barrel,. NEW YORK -- Falling interest rates and slightly lower oil prices helped stocks break a daylong slump to edge higher,. But a jump in Treasury bond prices and a weaker crude-oil market helped stocks climb out of an earlier loss of more than 34 points,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed in sluggish trading, but ended the session on an upswing as another surge in the price of oil rekindled buying interest in the energy sector,.  which could result in an explosive rise in oil prices and sharply falling stocks,. Energy stocks fell despite the afternoon upturn in oil prices,. The stock market moved higher in quiet trading, supported by falling oil prices and optimism about President Bush's apparent resolve to reduce the federal deficit,. Stocks headed lower from the opening bell, and the sell-off gained momentum as the price of oil rallied above $30 a barrel -- a level reached two weeks ago for the first time since the early 1980s -- and then broke through the $31-a-barrel mark,.  major oil stocks closed mixed despite the latest surge in oil prices,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed mixed as some late bargain-hunting blunted the impact of an early sell-off, sparked by a surge in oil prices and further evidence of weakness in the economy,. Declining stocks routed advancers, with oil issues dominating the list of gainers as nervousness about the Middle East sent oil prices soaring,. Growth stocks and recession-resistant consumer issues paced the market's downturn, while oil and precious-metals stocks bucked the decline -- a pattern which has prevailed since Iraqi troops invaded Kuwait two weeks ago,. Selected oil stocks also rallied amid the market's retreat as the Persian Gulf situation pushed oil prices higher,. NEW YORK -- The stock market continued its rebound as encouraging words on the Middle East situation and a rise in bond prices inspired further bargain-hunting,. Other airline stocks also fell sharply amid news that Pan Am plans a 10% fare increase as a result of soaring jet fuel costs, tied to the rise in oil prices,. Consumer stocks were generally hit hard in the sell-off as the sharp increase in oil prices heightened concerns about the economic outlook,. While this weak economic data gave a boost to bond prices, stocks didn't fall significantly,.  the recent rally in oil stocks continued as September crude-oil futures rose well above $21 a barrel -- the price target set by OPEC at its meeting last weekin New York trading,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed widely mixed as a rally in oil stocks and waves of futures-related buy programs offset further selling inspired by disappointing earnings,.  oil stocks began to show strength and the market's rebound got under way,.  but the market's late rebound swept oil stocks higher even though oil prices extended a decline in which the price of crude has reached 18-month lows,.  "A 15% move {downward} in gold prices in the past has always led to some kind of improvement in the economy and one heck of a bull-market move in stocks,.  Harmstone strongly believes the historical "risk premium" of stocks over bonds will be restored by both a retreat in stock prices and a decline in bond yields -- which pushes up bond prices -- with the sharper adjustment in stocks,.  said Saudi Arabia\'s discounts on crude oil purchase contracts for July should hold down oil prices, causing "downward trading pressure" on energy stocks,. Traders cited the bond market's ability to build on its sharp gains Friday in response to the jobs data as a chief factor behind the latest surge in stocks,. Precious-metals stocks were left out of the market's rise as the price of gold extended its recent retreat,. Lower oil prices also sparked a sell-off among oil-field services stocks,.  precious-metals stocks paced the market's retreat amid a sharp decline in the price of gold,.  The engine driving stocks' thrust was a powerful bond market rally that pushed down long-term interest rates to 8,. But if Friday's surge in bond prices really does mark a turn toward declining interest rates -- and many analysts contend that it does -- the stage may be set for a solid stock market rally,. NEW YORK -- The stock market's advance over the past week and a half finally faltered, as prices finished mixed amid weakness in bonds and a sell-off in the dollar,. Bond prices retreated to lower levels on the report, but the downturn affected stocks only briefly,.  stocks finished higher for the second straight day despite another slump in the bond market,. Stocks began the session by moving higher along with bonds, but were unable to hold the gains after renewed weakness developed in the bond market,.  reflecting an advance in stocks beyond the upper limit of their recent trading range and a downturn in bond prices,. Oil stocks rebounded from their sell-off Wednesday as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries confirmed it is considering an urgent meeting and other options to stop the current decline in world oil prices,. While the price of oil abruptly reversed course during the session on reports that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries might hold an emergency meeting to address the slump in world oil markets, the rebound failed to stem the weakness in energy stocks,. 99 Amid Drop in Dollar, Bond Sell-Off,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices closed lower as the market reacted to a downturn in the dollar and a subsequent sell-off in bonds,. Analysts cited the dollar's sudden reversal as the initial catalyst for the slide in stocks,.  but other precious-metals stocks continued to decline in response to lower gold prices,.  stocks worked their way to higher levels by midday as the dollar rallied despite a one-point increase in Japan's official discount rate to 5,. Bond prices took their cue from the dollar and moved higher after dropping in response to news that the February consumer price index rose 0,. Bond prices tumbled amid growing pessimism about lower rates and a stalling of the dollar's recent rally,. The dollar's strength helped push interest rates slightly lower in the bond market,.  And price gains among the regional telephone stocks suggest to him that the bond market may be about to have its own rally,. Stocks slipped lower as rising bond yields competed for investor dollars,. Oil stocks were down on prospects for lower crude-oil prices,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices moved broadly and sharply higher as the market took its cue from a recovery in bond prices and multiple rounds of futures-related program buying,. Other oil stocks moved higher amid a rally in oil prices,. Traders said South African gold stocks were higher because of rising gold prices and gains in the rand against the dollar,.  resulting from an early upturn in bond prices and gains overnight on overseas stock markets,. Oil stocks fell as petroleum prices pulled back amid concerns that the recent rally in the oil markets won't be sustained,.  but oil stocks generally turned lower after pacing the market's rise Tuesday,. Bargain-hunting after Monday's sell-off and a recovery in the Treasury bond market helped underpin stocks,. NEW YORK -- Stocks tripped over a falling dollar and tumbling bonds,.  Program selling kicked in at several points yesterday as traders bought "cheaper" S&P futures -- which fell in reaction to tumbling bond prices -- and sold the underlying stocks,. Many stocks of companies involved in actual or rumored takeover bids fell, responding to the weakening junk bond market,.  The shares fell 5/16 to 12 13/16, partly because of a sharp rise in the dollar against the British pound and partly on selling by investors in London who are skeptical over a bid for the company by a group led by Sir James Goldsmith,. Thrusting Japanese investors toward American stocks are an unexpectedly strong dollar and a need to diversify the riches generated by Japan's high savings rate and large trade surplus,. Despite a slightly firmer bond market yesterday morning, stocks opened lower,. A recovery in the bond market and a late round of buying tied to the expiration of stock-index futures and options sent stocks higher,. But disappointment that the Federal Reserve didn't push rates lower in response to the data caught up with stocks, abrupt slide in bond prices at midday sparked selling in the stock-index futures market,.  Falling interest rates were the catalyst for institutions' heavy stock buying as the bond market rallied and a number of banks reduced their prime lending rates,.  and other oil stocks extended a retreat that started Monday amid a sharp decline in oil prices,.  The firm cited weakness in the used oil business, the impact of a stronger dollar and start-up costs in Spain and France,. Oil stocks were mixed in the wake of their rally Tuesday,.  recorded the sharpest advance among major oil stocks and contributed to the rise in the industrial average,.  the real bedrock of the stock market rally was the dollar's surprising strength in the first half,.  An early sell-off in the dollar and bonds help put stocks on a downward path from the beginning of the session,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices posted their largest decline in more than a week as investors reassessed the potential impact of the rising dollar on the earnings of multinational corporations,. Drug stocks were especially weak in the wake of Pfizer's forecast that second-quarter net income would be down 30% to 40% from a year ago, partly because of the unexpected climb in the dollar,.  "Just as a rising dollar has created gains in the stock market,.  "Strength in the (Amex) oil group earlier this year brought it close enough to all-time highs so it could cross that line even with today\'s pullback" in oil shares,. Solid gains among oil stocks provided the fuel for the market's upturn,. NEW YORK -- An abrupt sell-off in early trading failed to sink the stock market, which drew strength from gains in bonds and the dollar and closed higher in active trading,. Strength in the dollar, and resulting gains in the bond market also provided a boost to stocks,.  stocks of British-based companies fell victim to growing fears that the dollar's strength might lead to higher rates in Britain,.  much of yesterday's stock boost came on early-morning program buying in sympathy with strength in bond futures,. 10-an-ounce plunge in the spot gold price and a sell-off of gold shares such as Hecla Mining and Battle Mountain Gold,. 'Selling of Technology Issues Sends Stocks Lower Despite Bond Rally,. Oil stocks also moved lower as crude oil prices fell sharply after rallying past $20 a barrel last week,. More puzzling was that while stock investors blithely bid prices higher, bond investors were hunkered down,. The strength in oil stocks reflected this week's rise in oil prices,.  with an assist from a stable bond market, stocks fell victim to a late round of computer-assisted program trading,. Stocks rose, drawing strength from stability in bond prices,. NEW YORK -- The stock market had its best rally in three weeks, riding the bond market's renewed strength,.  the stock market\'s rally was almost totally spurred by the bond market\'s strength,. Stocks drifted at mostly lower levels before bond prices turned higher and the dollar rebounded from an overnight downturn,. After an early decline -- spurred by disappointment over Fed Chairman Greenspan's congressional testimony on fighting inflation -- stocks and stock-index futures latched on to a midday recovery in the dollar,.  and the market also benefited from a rally in bond prices and a rebound in the dollar from an early downturn,.  But he added that once the bond market digests its tumble, "I think the (stock) market will start back up on a continuation of the rally of the past several weeks,.  the market waffled because of weakness in transportation stocks and a downturn in the bond market,.  Strength in the bond market and futures-related program buying by institutions took stocks even higher as the day went on,.  which rose in response to a firming dollar and to some "bargain-hunting" buying when stocks and stock futures declined to temptingly low levels,.  "The only sense you can make out of this is that the stock market responded positively for the time being to a stable interest-rate, stable dollar environment,. Supported by a firmer dollar and early gains in bond futures,. Yesterday's stock gains came on a stronger dollar and news that the Federal Reserve's Manuel Johnson said he doesn't expect interest rates to return to levels that prevailed in 1982,. Yet the rally -- which got rolling late in the day after Treasury bond futures closed strongly on the Chicago Board of Trade -- may be the tail end of a small move upward for stocks,.  When bond futures soar as they did late yesterday, stock-index futures typically rise along with them and then are followed by the stocks themselves,.  The dollar's recovery from an early decline and a firm bond market also encouraged buyers yesterday,. Traders attributed the later rally attempt to an easing of the oil-price rise and strength in the dollar and the bond market,.  In addition to higher rates and oil prices, he pointed to the recent slide in the dollar and the market\'s concern about President-elect Bush\'s ability to deal with the U,. Selected oil stocks added to their recent gains as the OPEC agreement pushed oil prices higher,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices extended their rebound from recent lows in quiet, pre-holiday trading Wednesday amid a pullback in oil prices and an expectation that the market is due for some relief from its recent pessimism,.  That proved to be the catalyst for a drop in oil prices and a corresponding surge in airline stocks,. NEW YORK -- The stock market fought its way to higher levels in light, with strength in the oil sector giving a boost to blue-chip issues,. A stronger dollar sent stock prices higher in very light trading,.  stocks fell victim to renewed weakness in the dollar and a corresponding slump in bonds,. Without a turnaround by the dollar and the bond market -- which has slumped in response to the weakness in the U,. NEW YORK -- The stock market tried but failed to rebound from its recent slide, and prices fell in choppy trading amid continuing concerns about the dollar and the U,.  coupled with the dollar's weakness, could ultimately hurt stocks by causing the Federal Reserve to push interest rates higher,. At the root of the stock-market slump last week is stock traders' concern that the falling dollar will cause U,.  prices staged a broad-based retreat at the opening and fell to sharply lower levels amid renewed weakness in the dollar and a slide in bond prices,. A sharp jump in gold prices pushed gold stocks higher,. NEW YORK -- Although the stock market rebounded from an early sell-off tied to a slump in the dollar,.  said a reversal of the dollar's recent downturn is necessary for stocks to move higher before next Tuesday's presidential election,. The focus on these numbers sent the dollar into retreat and caused the bond market to give up part of its initial gains after the GNP data were released, and traders said those moves set up stocks for their early downturn,. NEW YORK -- Stock prices came under pressure following their rally last week and closed lower in moderate trading, even though sharply lower oil prices and the latest bout of takeover activity encouraged buyers,.  The slide was exacerbated by weakness in oil stocks,.  But falling oil prices and a recovery in bonds gave investors an incentive to bid stock prices higher late in the afternoon,.  Improvement in the bond market and a decline in oil prices also provided a boost for stocks,. Profit-taking and continued skittishness about the market's prospects set up stocks for the plunge, weakness in the bond market and a jump in oil prices,. Prices came under pressure from the opening bell as the market reacted to an overnight drop in the dollar and a subsequent downturn in bond prices,. NEW YORK -- The combination of weakness in the bond market and futures-related selling caused the stock market to retreat in moderate trading,.  Burnett noted that the dollar also weakened today, which added to the weakness in stocks and bonds,. " He said he expects yields in the bond market to come back down over the next few weeks and for the stock market to stage a concurrent advance,. Oil stocks fell in response to the recent slide in crude oil prices and the prospects for further declines,.  Traders said it was a reaction to the worries about rates and a continued slump in the closely watched Tokyo stock market tied to the surge in the dollar's value against the yen,. "Bond yields would have been higher without the strength in the dollar,. A mild rebound in the bond market helped stock prices nose higher in the slowest trading session of the year,. Stocks opened lower but moved higher after bond prices rebounded,.  and he said the stock market is likely to retreat along with the bond market if the other economic reports don't generate the same type of response,.  Weakness in the bond market and a reversal of early gains in the dollar caused the decline to accelerate in the afternoon,.  sees a silver lining in the current stock-price retreat, Lower prices improve what she calls the "private market value" of some stocks,. Bond prices advanced despite the mixed economic signals provided by the reports, and stocks eventually followed suit by rebounding from mid-session lows and turning higher in the final hour,. Weakness in the bond market and the dollar heightened the market's continuing fears about the possibility that interest rates may be heading higher,. 56 points Monday on a surge in oil prices and a drop in bond prices,. A surge in gold prices translated into gains for gold-mining stocks,. The stock market weakened yesterday in response to a sharp increase in crude oil prices and some profit-taking following its rally late last week,. Iran's acceptance of a United Nations resolution calling for a cease-fire in its war with Iraq sent oil prices soaring in New York, and traders said the stock market felt the impact of the rally in the form of renewed concerns about the inflation outlook,.  either the dollar will have to stage another rally or oil prices will have to turn lower once again,. Higher oil prices, and strong earnings reports in selected stocks also contributed to the market's rise,.  He said the stock market's early summer rally stalled largely because a rising dollar failed to attract the foreign investment that people had hoped for,.  as rising commodity prices pushed the stock market lower,. An upturn in commodity prices and persistent fears of higher interest rates drove the stock market lower,. A drop in commodity prices relieved some investors' fears of inflation, moving the stock market modestly higher in slow trading,. Higher oil prices stoked inflation fears and sent the stock market lower in moderately active trading,.  says that with the loss of support from the bond market, stocks are set for a pullback,.  with the Dow Jones industrials falling short of the 2200 level before a downturn in the dollar sends stocks lower,.  Blue-chip issues got another boost from the Dow Jones Transportation Average, which hit a post-crash high on news of the drop in oil prices,. The prospect of lower oil prices made for sharp gains in airline stocks,.  Goldman said the bond market\'s failure to rally on a stronger dollar and a decline in the CRB index is signaling inflationary dangers,.  He asserted that the dollar's strength is evidence of a world-wide demand for credit that will push interest rates higher and stock prices lower,. A soaring dollar and a favorable inflation report boosted stock prices to a post-crash high,.  which greeted the commodities news with a rally of its own, and from a generally firmer dollar,.  which greeted the commodities news with a rally of its own, and from a generally firmer dollar,. Another factor cited was the strength of the bond market, despite a further rise in commodity prices,.  those with high dividend yields that can compete with bond yields and those that benefit from a lower dollar,. The market seemed to give up the fight at midday as a downturn in the bond market again sent stocks into retreat,. Most oil stocks rose on a further upturn in crude-oil prices in the wake of an explosion at a Shell Oil refining plant in Louisiana,. Sharp declines in oil prices sent bluechip stock prices higher in another session of quiet trading,. Stock prices drifted at lower levels for much of the session, but traders said investors were encouraged by the drop in oil prices resulting from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries' failure to agree with several nonmember producers on a plan for cutting output,.  analysts said they were impressed that stock prices didn't follow the slide in bond prices,.  The weakness in the bond market that has accompanied the higher rates has become "a hurdle that the stock market may find hard to leap,.  he added that the Fed clearly isn't in a position to help the bond market break out of its slump, which would give stocks a boost,. Oil stocks weakened as crude oil futures extended their recent pullback in New York trading,. A firmer dollar and some bargain-hunting helped the stock market snap back from Thursday's plunge,.  Traders said the downturn in stocks was partly the result of a slide in bond prices,.  but higher interest rates and a jump in oil prices curbed some investors' enthusiasm for stocks,. Traders said stock prices initially slumped yesterday morning as oil prices soared after last weekend's decision by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to renew its efforts to seek cooperation from nonmember producers,. Oil stocks generally moved higher in response to the advance in oil prices,. The stock market took off at midsession on a sudden surge in the dollar and posted its sharpest advance in more than three months,.  The advance was bolstered by gains in the bond market, which took the report as a sign that the Federal Reserve may not have to tighten credit to boost the dollar,. 'Stocks Advance on Stronger Dollar, Bond Rebound and Gains Overseas,. Stock prices jumped at the opening bell as traders took note of the firming dollar and gains in the Tokyo stock market,. Bond prices also fell early in the day, exacerbating the downward pressure on the stock market,.  combined with a bond market in which investors are worried about the inflationary implications of the economy\'s current strength, mean "there isn\'t a lot to send equities broadly higher,.  As the dollar's rise and the bond market's rally indicated,.  Despite a steep 70-cent-a-barrel decline in the price of oil yesterday, the bond market failed to rally,.  That has since been reflected in a lethargic bond market and a retreat in utility stocks prior to yesterday\'s sharp across-the-board plunge in stock prices,.  Sharma said that among the events that could trigger a sharp drop in stock prices would be a rise in interest rates that would first be evident in the bond market or a larger-than-expected January merchandise trade deficit,.  such as a rise in interest rates or a further decline in the dollar, could set off a sharp downward move in the stock market,.  An advance in bond prices, a sharp drop in oil prices as well as continued weakness in other commodity prices,.  Cautious investors weren't roused by a robust rally in the bond market and a sharp decline in commodity prices,.  Bond prices fell in reaction to the retail-sales report, dragging stocks down,. A break in the bond market's recent rally and disappointing earnings reports from several blue-chip companies knocked stock prices down sharply yesterday in active trading,. Stock prices followed bond prices down at the outset of trading after the government reported that durable goods orders in December rose 6,.  said that some weakening of the dollar and a near three-year high in the Commodity Research Bureau price index,.  The stock market's roughly 30% drop since August, coupled with the dollar's relentless slide has,. Stock prices closed mixed Thursday in quiet trading, as blue-chip issues were unable to overcome continued weakness in the dollar,. Oil stocks posted gains despite a slight drop in the price of oil,. Stock prices plunged in the first hour of trading yesterday on the dollar's drop and waves of program selling,.  adds that the recent decline in oil prices, as well as the accompanying bond market advance and relatively stable dollar,.  propelled by a soaring bond market and a stable dollar,. Stock prices retreated in what traders said was a consolidation led by year-end tax selling and pressure from rising interest rates and oil prices,.  He said the retreat in gold prices and a big decline in the Commodity Research Bureau\'s index of commodity prices earlier this week also helped convince investors that inflation worries were overstated,. Anxiety about the trade deficit and falling bond and currency markets finally caught up with investors at the end of the day, and a wave of sell programs knocked stock prices down,.  Canelo said the rise in stock prices in the face of a sharply declining bond market yesterday also was reassuring,. "Stocks Plunge Despite Dollar's Gains ---  Industrials Drop 72,.  He said that lower stock prices, declining commodity prices in the past two days and the rally in the bond market are clear signals "that say the risk of recession is out there,. Most gold stocks recovered from their declines in Monday's sell-off,. With Treasury bond interest rates falling yesterday, the high yields of these stocks looked all the more attractive to investors,. Several retailing stocks fell yesterday, in part because of the lower dollar and in some cases because of third-quarter financial results,. Some argue the 28% drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average from its August peak and the sharp retreat in interest rates since the crash have brought stock prices back in line with bond yields,.  said that for now the stock market is hoping the lower dollar will help improve the U,. Most oil stocks were mixed although crude prices continued to weaken,. Stock prices fell in moderately active trading yesterday as investors ignored a continued advance in the bond market,. The upward move in the dollar late yesterday took some steam out of the stocks of many multinational corporations that benefit from a lower dollar,.  These stocks posted big gains late last week as the dollar weakened,.  dollar and weakness in the Tokyo and London stock markets set up the U,.  Many were surprised that the stock market didn\'t head into a tailspin given the weakness in the dollar and a second consecutive day of rising interest rates in the bond market,. With a rebound in the stock market, investors' fears about a recession cooled and the bond market slumped,.  Sharply higher prices for Treasury bills and bonds and a jump in the dollar provided a sounder footing for the stock market early yesterday,.  Firmer Bond Prices And Gains for Dollar Are Factors,. A big drop in the December bond futures contract, didn't provide any positive support for the stock market early on,.  The stock market goes into a tailspin for a fundamental reason such as a plunge in the dollar, oil prices skyrocket,.  Although bond futures ended only slightly lower yesterday, some futures traders said yesterday's stock market slide was partly a delayed reaction to the big drop in bond prices Monday,. A late-afternoon advance in the bond market and a few buy programs gave stocks their small lift,.  yesterday's slide in the bond and stock markets took place despite a healthy advance in the U,.  Newmont Mining rose 2 to 97 as a Delaware state court judge ordered Consolidated Gold Fields PLC to hold separate -- at least until the next hearing on Thursday -- the approximately 23% of Newmont's shares that it bought late last week to lift its holding to 49,.  the rally was driven by a firmer dollar and bond market,.  believes the weakness in the stock market is a direct response to the recent surge in long-term bond yields,. Although the dollar's rapid slide in the past few weeks has been cited as the main reason for the jump in interest rates and corresponding slide in stock prices,.  The change of direction in the stock market coincided with a reversal in the bond market and some weakness in the U,. The stock market was sent into a tailspin late yesterday as a drop in the bond market,. 'Stocks Regain Some Lost Ground On Firmer Dollar, Bond Rebound,. Traders cited a higher dollar and some gains in the bond market as the reasons for yesterday's advance in stocks,.  The gains in crude prices gave oil stocks a boost,. With the help of a higher dollar and a stronger bond market,. While the drop in oil prices did nothing for energy-related issues, transportation stocks got a boost,. The gains in stocks were achieved despite a moderate drop in the bond market,. Gold and mining stocks were mostly higher as precious metals prices rose on the dollar's slide,. Some oil stocks moved lower as crude prices fell below $20 a barrel for the first time in almost two months in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange,. Yesterday's advance in the stock market was accompanied for the first time this week with a rally in the bond market,. Oil stocks were mixed although crude oil prices rebounded on technical buying and indications of lower U,.  The drop in oil prices removed the concern about higher inflation from the stock market,.  The decline came despite gains in many of the oil and oil-related stocks in the average,. Gold and mining stocks were mixed although precious metals rose in the futures markets yesterday,.  Peroni believes such gains in these gold stocks could portend somewhat higher inflation ahead,.  a stronger dollar and higher bond prices also provided support for the higher stock prices,. A sharp rise in crude oil prices amid worries of increased hostilities in the Persian Gulf wiped out all of the gains in the bond market,. Stock prices finished higher after a moderately active session, helped along by a slight advance in the dollar and bonds,.  but foreigners might be able to overlook higher rates and a lower dollar if they believe stock prices will continue to move higher,.  Some technical selling in bond futures accelerated the declines in bonds and touched off a drop in the stock and index futures markets,. The dollar fell and bond prices weakened,. Other airline stocks were mixed as oil prices on spot and futures markets surged above $22 a barrel on continuing tensions in the Persian Gulf and signs of reduced U,. Bond prices yesterday recovered some of their Monday declines, and the dollar ended slightly higher,. Stock prices traded in a narrow range and managed to end slightly higher, boosted by moderate gains in the bond market and a stronger dollar,. Stock prices moved higher in active trading yesterday, following the dollar's advance against the Japanese yen,. While the recent increase in crude oil prices was mostly unexpected, he doesn't believe the rise in some non-precious metals and other commodities signals the start of a new inflation spiral,. Gold and steel issues moved higher, while copper and aluminum stocks didn't participate in the advance,.  following a higher bond market and a firmer dollar,. 'Stocks Advance as Oil Shares Rise On Hopes for Higher Crude Prices,. Stock prices moved higher yesterday, taking their cue from a firmer dollar and an advance in the bond market,. 'Profit-Taking and a Lower Dollar Wipe Out Early Increase in Stocks,. Stock prices ended lower after a moderately active session as profit-taking and a lower dollar took away the market's early gains,.  the gains in the stocks weren't altered by the dollar's slide yesterday afternoon,. Stock prices moved higher on a stronger dollar and higher bond prices,. Adding to the stock market's strength was a sharp decline in commodity prices,. A firmer dollar and higher bond prices,.  Although bond prices and the dollar plunged Tuesday on news that Paul Volcker was stepping down and Alan Greenspan would succeed him as Federal Reserve Board chairman,.  touched off by an upturn in the bond market, helped stock prices finish higher yesterday,.  Interest-rate sensitive stocks gave up some gains as bond yields moved higher,.  the rise in the dollar is alleviating concern over higher prices for imports, it looks as if the rise in crude oil prices may have leveled off for now, and many commodity prices are falling,.  silver and diversified mining stocks continued their slide as precious metals prices fell in the futures markets,. Investors trying to choose between stocks and bonds are finding the choice a tough one to make -- the stock market is high, bond yields have been rising and inflation is a wild card,.  "So it looks like there\'s either going to be a huge bond market rally, or the stock market is going to go down,. Oil stocks were mixed after being pummeled in the late sell-off,.  A rebound in the bond market, a drop in commodity prices and a firmer dollar helped pare the loss,.  The dollar weakened and commodity prices again moved higher,.  a lower dollar and another jump in commodity prices sidelined some nervous investors,. The commodities pullback yesterday kindled a late bond market rally that gained back nearly half the ground lost on Monday,. Grain and other commodity prices soared to one of the largest single-session advances ever, which in turn knocked a powerful stock market rally on its ear in less than 90 minutes,. Stock prices declined in sluggish trading as investors mostly ignored news of an April unemployment drop, firmer bond prices and a higher dollar,. A decline in the bond market and a slightly weaker dollar throttled any follow-up on Tuesday's big rally,. 'Stocks Surge in Broad Rally Fueled By Rises in Dollar and Bond Prices,. Expectations of lower interest rates abroad and confirmation that the Federal Reserve has moved to support the dollar added more fuel yesterday to the stock market rally that began Tuesday,. A firming dollar and rebounding bond prices touched off a stock market rally yesterday,. With the dollar stable and bond prices marching higher,.  investor nervousness about the falling dollar and badly slumping bond prices is permeating the market,. Analysts also attributed the edginess of many stock market investors to the continued weakness of the dollar and fears of higher interest rates and renewed inflation,.  Bond prices also plunged with increasing speed as the afternoon wore on, despite a flat to slightly firmer dollar against most currencies and repeated Federal Reserve injections of funds into the banking system,.  "Unless we have a bond market rally of some significance, the competition will continue to erode the stock market,.  oil prices stable and the dollar falling,. A stronger dollar and reports of higher first-quarter earnings lifted many stock prices yesterday in active trading,. Stock prices collapsed in the final hour of trading yesterday on rising fears of higher interest rates and a weak dollar,.  believes that yesterday's rapid decline in stock prices was a reaction to the declines in bond prices and the accompanying rise in interest rates that have already taken place over the past 2 1/2 weeks,. Gold stocks soared as precious metals prices moved higher,. A big drop in bond prices contributed to the decline in stocks,.  they expect that the unanticipated sharp decline in the dollar during the first quarter, the rise in oil prices and other higher commodity prices will work miracles for many companies' bottom lines,. A last-minute buying spree in blue-chip stocks helped both the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index post modest gains yesterday, as investors chose to focus on the firming dollar rather than a spreading bank prime rate increase,. Stock prices plummeted yesterday amid growing concerns about an accelerating slide of the dollar and the possibility of higher inflation and interest rates,.  explained that with buyers walking away from the stock market when the industrial average failed to hold gains above 2300, and with a midafternoon drop in the bond market,. The strong gains in most oil stocks gave a boost to the industrial average and the S&P 500-stock index,.  Oil stocks did move higher on surprising crude oil and heating oil price gains in the futures market that were tied to new indications of OPEC production restraint,. Oil prices rose again slightly yesterday after a surge Wednesday, and oil stocks benefited from the increase,.  A turnaround in world oil prices drove oil company issues higher, and many drug stocks added to their recent gains,. Many drug stocks continued to rise because of the lower dollar,. Although oil prices edged a bit higher yesterday, oil stock prices were mostly lower,. Oil stocks fell on lower crude prices,. Crude oil prices edged lower, but most oil stocks posted gains,.  Stock Market's Surge Is Puzzling Investors, Buyers Large and Small Keep Pouring In Money --- A Bear Cites Plunging Dollar,. While the stock market's own momentum in its New Year's drive seemed the major force behind yesterday's gains, the dollar's continuing rapid descent gave an added boost to stocks of multinational companies and some import-sensitive concerns,. "Oil Stocks Fuel Industrials' Rise To Another High in Broad Rally,. Higher bond prices, a rebound by the recently sagging dollar and lower crude oil and other commodity prices contributed to the rally,. 'Stocks Drop on Higher Oil Prices, Weakness in Bonds and the Dollar,.  Absent higher bond prices or the strength in many blue-chip issues that had pushed the market higher late last week,. Yesterday's action discouraged and confused traders because the stock market didn't respond to higher bond prices,. Stock prices ended narrowly mixed yesterday after a session dominated by glumness about the insider-trading scandal and nervousness about rising oil prices and the approach of Friday\'s "triple witching hour" expirations,.  But stock prices began moving higher as the bond market headed upward,.  Bond market watchers feared that the Federal Reserve would be reluctant to lower interest rates anytime soon if the dollar was weakening,.  But then prices fell back as the bond market faded and investors briefly took profits after a four-day rally in stocks,. Despite declines in the bond market, stock prices again headed upward,. A healthy advance in the bond market and several buy programs, contributed to the gains in stock prices,.  stocks rising again after a pause in August and early September, when the dollar was weakening,. Thanks to a rally in the bond market, Thursday's stock market decline didn't stretch into Friday's session,. Weakness in the bond market, forestalled stock price advances,. Stock prices raced ahead yesterday in a broad and spirited rally stoked by a sharp advance in the bond market,. The morning surge resulted from a race by stock traders to catch up with the bond market rally that had started overnight in the European markets on reports that the Bank of Japan was about to cut its discount rate,. Stock prices moved higher in active trading yesterday, driven by an unexpected rally in the bond market and continuing frenzied takeover and restructuring speculation,. Stock prices edged higher in moderately active trading as investors responded to a firmer bond market, falling oil prices and a variety of takeover rumors,. The recently rising dollar, and a drop in crude oil prices gave bond prices a lift,. A small lift in the bond market, and a rebound in International Business Machines shares helped fire enthusiasm in the stock-index futures market,. Stock prices drifted lower in slow trading, following a slide in the bond market,. The stock market started Friday's session with a powerful rally, following a surge in bond prices,.  said the biggest surprise in yesterday's session was that more stocks didn't lose ground, the dollar weakened,.  a stronger bond market, a higher dollar and some arbitrage-related buy programs,. Stock prices pushed higher again yesterday, bolstered for the second straight session by a rising dollar and stronger bond prices,. Traders said chemical stocks were boosted by investor bets on a stronger economy and by a decline in oil prices yesterday,.  Higher bond prices also helped lift stock prices early yesterday,.  Bond prices were sharply lower at the opening and sell programs tied to stock-index futures arbitrage pulled stock prices down,. Oil stocks moved lower again as crude oil prices fell in the futures market,.  Sinai says the consumer price index will reflect several developments in the coming months -- higher crude oil prices, a rise in other commodity prices and the impact of a lower dollar on prices of imported goods,. The handsome advance in stock prices over the past 12 months was caused in part by investors being willing to overlook poor current earnings performance and focus instead on a future made rosier by low inflation, declining interest rates and falling oil prices,. As the commodity markets moved higher and prices fell rapidly in the bond futures and government securities markets in late afternoon,. Stock prices fell despite a substantial advance in the bond market,.  the recent price rise for oil and precious metals hasn't been accompanied by a general jump in commodity prices,. Oil stocks have added to the gains they scored last week as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries put in place its new production quotas and oil prices rose,.  A robust rally in the bond market, which usually would lift stocks,. Some strength in the bond market and gains in issues such as airline and technology stocks,. 'Many Stock Prices Drop as Rally Fueled by Oil Price Jump Falters,. The rally powered by higher oil prices ran out of fuel yesterday as many stock issues drifted lower in moderate trading,.  Bond prices fell on concerns about this week's Treasury refunding operation and higher oil prices,. Strengthening bond prices and lower interest rates helped utility stocks stabilize after their big drop Monday,. A slumping bond market and disappointment that last week's stock market rally failed to hold sent stock prices sharply lower in moderate trading,. Further weakness in the bond market and continued worries about the strength of the economy and corporate earnings helped send stock prices lower in moderate trading,.  yesterday\'s decline in stocks was accompanied by a rise in the bond market,. The stock market fell back, despite a higher bond market,. Oil stocks were mostly lower as prices of oil futures contracts fell sharply yesterday and the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries meeting in Yugoslavia broke up without any agreement among members,. The sell-off in stocks was paralleled by weakness in the bond market,.  accompanied by the plunge in the dollar and a sharp oil price drop,. Despite lower oil prices, airline and other transportation stocks didn't leap higher,.  some traders contend stocks can't advance very much while the bond market sputters -- despite the stock market's advance to new highs last week,.  The continuing weakness in the bond market yesterday didn't affect stocks much,. But some traders said profit-takers in the stock market used the weakness in the bond market as an excuse to cash in their chips from the stocks' robust advance in the past week,. Analysts said it was encouraging to see the stock market advance even though the bond market continued to slide during the session,.  Strength in the bond market and lower crude oil prices provided early support,.  The stock market got an early boost from some strength in bond prices,.  A sharp plunge in oil prices on the spot and futures market helped fuel the stock market rally,. Another analyst noted that despite the strong advance in the bond market and the corresponding drop in interest rates, rate-sensitive utility stocks barely inched higher,. Weakness in the bond market yesterday and a less-than-rousing industrial production report didn't give stock investors much to cheer about,. Stock prices finished lower yesterday after a quiet session in which investors seemingly ignored some strength in the bond market,.  said the recent weakness in the bond market, while the still-sluggish economy is causing erosion of the gains in economically sensitive stocks,.  These rate-sensitive stocks didn't respond to the bond market gains,.  Oil stocks weakened as some analysts said their recent rally could be over,.  are disappearing -- higher bond prices and the dramatic drop in crude oil prices,. He said the bond market rally since September was fueled first by expectations of major deficit reductions, and then by an unexpected dramatic plunge in the price of crude oil,.  The bond market will "latch on to a new concept" to continue its rally, and it will take the stock market along for a higher ride,. The main ones were a decline in bond prices, a rebound in crude oil prices in the futures market,. Despite higher oil prices, oil stocks were mixed,. Oil-industry stocks moved higher despite a slight decline in oil prices in the futures markets,. Higher energy prices in the futures market as well as the Arco recommendation gave most other oil stocks a lift,. The second day of sharp declines in the bond market led to weakness in interest-sensitive stocks,.  The lower dollar gave a powerful boost to many of the other drug stocks,. Major bank stocks were mixed, despite higher bond prices and continued reports of strong first-quarter earnings gains,.  The bond market didn't stage any explosive rally -- prices ended only slightly higher -- and oil prices,.  He explained that stock prices still don't fully reflect the declines that have already taken place in long-term bond yields,.  Renewed Slide in Oil Spur Sharp Increase in Stock Prices,. Stock prices rose sharply yesterday, spurred by a powerful bond market rally and a renewed decline in crude oil prices,.  tumbling more than 20 points by midafternoon as crude oil prices rallied and bond prices weakened,.  The generally unexpected and steep decline in oil prices gave stocks an additional boost after share prices had sagged in January,. Stock prices fell sharply yesterday in a wave of profit-taking that developed after an upturn in oil prices reversed a strong bond market rally,. Stock prices ended mixed after a listless trading session, hardly acknowledging a sharp bond market rally,.  a declining dollar and the bond market rally are seeing rising earnings expectations,.  oil stocks mostly fell and transportation stocks moved higher,. Profit-taking and concern about firming oil prices sent stock prices lower yesterday,. The surge was sparked by early strength in oil and technology issues and the continuing bond market rally,. A broad range of stock groups closed with strong gains, but it was the advance in oil and oil-related issues that sent the industrial average higher early in the session,. A partial recovery in the bond market and buying programs on the New York Stock Exchange gave the blue chips a lift in the final hour of trading,.  The weakening in bond prices touched off a few sell programs, which accelerated the decline in the stock market,.  He is concerned because "the stock market is starting to ignore the same good news that has fueled this rally" -- lower interest rates and declining oil prices,.  But the continued rally in the bond market gave all stocks sensitive to interest rates a big boost,. Stock prices rode the coattails of a powerful advance in the bond market and soared to new highs yesterday,. The weakness in the stock market at yesterday's opening was exacerbated by higher prices for oil in the spot and futures market,. A strong rally in bonds and continued declines in oil prices powered a sharp advance in stock prices,. Continued falling oil prices and a strong bond market fueled the advance,.  A substantial decline in oil prices in the spot and futures markets also gave the stock market a boost,. Transportation stocks and issues sensitive to interest rates led the stock market higher as investors continue to mull the consequences of weakening oil prices,. Previous declines in oil prices have been greeted as good news by stock investors because lower prices were considered less inflationary,. "Oops! Stock Prices Plunge A Record 39 Points In Sharp Turnabout --- Hectic Late Trading Erases New High Set on Tuesday, Effect of 'Sell Programs' --- Bond Market Triggers Drop,. The slide in stock prices apparently was set off by a drop in the bond market yesterday morning,.  The strong rally in the bond market gave these stocks a boost,. Financial issues and most interest-rate sensitive stocks were stimulated upward by a strong rally in the bond market,. 'Most Stocks End Slightly Higher, But Oil Issues Continue to Decline,.  said the dramatic drop in crude-oil prices and the continued rally in the bond market "were so overwhelming" that equities buyers were lured back into the market,.  cheered by the possibility of lower oil prices and by congressional action to reduce the federal deficit, resumed their buying spree and sent stock prices soaring,. The prospects of lower oil prices boosted transportation issues and knocked down oil stocks,. Stock prices moved lower yesterday as profit-taking and slumping bond prices put the brakes on the stock market's recent advance,. Transportation stocks soared on increasing expectations of lower oil prices,. Stock prices rose in active trading, spurred by continued declines in the dollar and expectations of lower oil prices,. "Stock Prices Increase as Investors Shift Attention to Dollar's Decline,. The dollar's decline and some still-lingering demand for stocks of companies with good earnings gave food stocks a boost,.  Basic-industry stocks should benefit from lower rates and from any decline in the dollar,. A sharp decline in the bond market and more bearish predictions about the technology industry sent many investors rushing to take their profits after last week's stock market advance,.  stocks opened higher and the industrial index ran up about five points following an early surge in the bond market,. Analysts and traders said the very reasons that sent the bond market soaring could be holding the stock market down,.  The bond market's resumed advance provided a boost for stocks because the lower yields available on bonds makes equities look more attractive,.  He believes that institutional investors don't have enough cash to fuel a sustained rally and that retail investors aren't likely to return to the stock market in force until bond rates dip below 10%,. The declining dollar provided a boost for many drug stocks,. The weakness in bonds and sharp declines in many oil stocks put a damper on the market,. With the bond market continuing Tuesday's rally, stock prices began to move higher right from the opening bell,. With the dollar continuing its slide, gold prices moved higher on the spot and futures markets,.  dollar started a rally in the blue-chip multinational companies Tuesday when the Dow Jones Industrial Average soared more than 21 points,.  Connolly said yesterday's decline in the dollar triggered the stock market rally,.  said the banking crisis in Ohio may have precipitated the decline in the dollar and the corresponding rise in gold and other precious metals,. The stock market didn't respond to Friday's surge in bond prices,. Stock prices drifted downward Friday to finish at the lowest level in six weeks, despite a surge in bond prices,.  dollar weakened, dragging stock prices down along with them,. A drop in crude oil prices gave airline stocks a boost,.  there was some concern among equity investors that the bond market rally, a prime catalyst for the stock market's advance,. Oil stocks were narrowly mixed in response to a rise in crude oil prices in the futures market yesterday,.  said stock investors' refusal to give in to profit-taking is due in large part to the bond market's strength in the face of the Treasury's massive refunding operations,. Sharp gains in oil stocks contributed to the advances in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the S&P 500,. "If it weren\'t for the bond market (rally), stocks would be headed lower right now,. Stock prices rose slightly yesterday, but the strength was concentrated in oil issues and some blue chips,. 08 despite the late-afternoon rally in stocks and a stronger bond market,. Those stocks essentially are a bet not on a stronger economy, a rising bond market and lower interest rates,. Stock prices moved higher in moderately active trading, helped along by stronger bond prices and continued speculation about possible takeover candidates,. Stock prices moved higher in active trading, spurred by prospects for lower oil prices and congressional action to trim the federal budget deficit,. One trader said yesterday\'s market action could be described simply as "oil and anti-oil" -- meaning most companies that would benefit from lower energy costs saw the prices of their stocks move higher,.  Prospects for higher air fares and lower oil costs gave airline stocks an especially sharp boost,. Profit-taking and slumping bond prices sent stock prices lower yesterday,. "Stock Prices Finish Mostly Lower In Reaction to Bond Market's Drop,. Stock prices ended mostly lower, losing early-morning gains in reaction to a sharp decline in the bond market,. A correction yesterday in the dollar's recent sharp rise provided a boost for multinational stocks such as Eastman Kodak,.  combined with a soaring dollar and more profit-taking by investors, contributed to an early decline in stock prices,. A large sell program by a major money manager and weakness in the bond market depressed stock prices in early trading,. Stock prices headed for higher ground Friday, helped along by a somewhat stronger bond market,. Because the stock market's advance has been matched by continued improvement in the bond market,. If interest rates fall further and the dollar weakens as well, earnings could grow explosively for some of the multinationals among the 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor\'s index,.  Analysts said a slump in Treasury bond prices in the final hour of stock trading added to the slide,. The stock market's three-day advance ran out of gas yesterday, led by a broad decline in oil stocks,. Slight weakness in the overall stock market yesterday masked sharp declines in some large capitalization stocks and strong gains in some oil issues,. Declines in oil prices continue to weigh down oil stocks,. The stock market recovered from a sluggish start to climb on the strength of some blue-chips and a firmer bond market,. Stronger bond prices, helped boost utilities and other interest-rate sensitive stocks,.  Some analysts said that belief was reflected by the strength in stocks of some airlines, which would benefit from lower or at least stable oil prices,. Stronger bond prices bolstered a blue-chip rally that led stocks higher in fairly active trading,. Declines in oil and oil-service stocks pushed the industrials index down in early trading,.  "may be the road to higher bond prices but it isn\'t the path to higher stock prices because of the earnings disappointments it may cause,.  said the rise was partly attributable to the recent strength of oil commodity prices,. Stock prices fell for the second consecutive session, but their slide was stemmed by strength in the bond market,. "The strength in the bond market more than offset sell programs or sell flashes" that were triggered by falling stock prices,.  who had been hoping for a stronger bond market yesterday to confirm Tuesday's spontaneous rally in stock prices,.  High interest rates still make bonds tough competition for stocks so investors will be nervous about buying equities until they see more signs of easing rates and a rising bond market,.  "The stock market can go higher as long as bond rates continue to move lower,.  Both the stock and bond markets responded favorably to the unexpectedly large drop,. Helped by further gains in the bond market, the stock market's blue-chip rally expanded across a broad front yesterday in continued active trading,. A blue-chip rally sparked by an upturn in bond prices enabled the stock market to close higher yesterday for the first time in six sessions,.  contended that a big reason for "the strength in the bond market that spilled over into the stock market is the fact that investors are focusing more on the improvement in inflation and the idea that it\'s less of a problem,. Part of the stock market's slide was attributed to the downturn in the bond market,. Gold stocks were weakened by a decline in the metal's price,.  with the bond market rising 5% to 6% while the stock market was falling,. Sharply higher bond prices helped the stock market's rally roll into its fourth session yesterday,. "When we get a bond market rally and the stock market doesn\'t rally in conjunction with it,. "The stock market has taken a tremendous belt by the bond market\'s drop and the rapid increase in rates,. Although bond prices rose yesterday, the stock market failed in two rally tries and finished with minor changes in more active trading,. " He mentioned the "bond market\'s weakness of the past six to eight weeks" and the fact that "the stock market rally has had very narrow leadership,. " But he doesn\'t expect the stock market to mount an extensive advance until "there is a prior or coincident rally" in the bond market,. An upturn in bond prices contributed to the stock market's climb,. While bond yields grow increasingly more attractive, portfolio managers seem content to continue a tepid romance with equities,.  "it will exacerbate the decline in the dollar and bond markets and lead to higher longand short-term interest rates,. " but he maintains that "any stock market rally would have to be accompanied or followed shortly by a bond market rally,. "The decline in the federal funds rate and bond market rally helped fuel the stock market rally,. Some of the technology and oil issues sported gains while retail stocks retreated,. 200 shares and fell 1 7/8 to 65 1/8, the stock had been bouncing up and down since the announcement early in the week that Standard Oil of California agreed to acquire the company for $80 a share,. Some of the oil issues sported gains, chemical and some airline and retail stocks retreated,. "We\'re going to have to see further improvement in the bond market and lower bond yields before we\'ll see a better stock market,.  has invested heavily in oil and bank stocks that pay higher-than-average dividends and could get a boost if interest rates decline,. 